{'tt0018600': 'This silent movie was my first silent movie and I was fortunate '
              'enough to see it in a classical movie theater accompanied by '
              'live classic music (Debussy). The movie was played during the '
              'China - Amsterdam festival in Amsterdam. I really liked the '
              'story and the way it was played. The facial expressions are '
              "obvious and humorous (and you don't need 'sub'titles). There "
              "are some 'special effects' in the movie which I really enjoyed. "
              "I didn't know they could perform such effects in 1927. For me "
              'it was a great way to experience Chinese cinema and see a '
              'silent movie. Add the classical music and you have a super '
              'experience. Great movie, so if you got a chance: go see it.',
 'tt0019996': 'This movie was shown recently at the Freer Gallery in '
              'Washington, DC. The other two reviewers summed things up '
              'nicely. At the Freer there was actually a live band performing! '
              'I had certain misgivings, after hearing some unfortunate new '
              'music for some silents on TCM, but I was really impressed by '
              'this group, the Devil Music Ensemble. Their music fit the movie '
              'perfectly. Another endearing quality of this film is the '
              'bizarre English titles. At this showing the beginning and end '
              'of the titles were chopped off, which made it even more '
              'challenging to try to figure out what in the world they were '
              "trying to say, an added element of adventure! I'll insert the "
              "comment from the Freer's announcement - Made at the height of "
              'the martial arts craze in 1920s Shanghai, this lively tale '
              "about the rise of a female warrior features the genre's "
              'then-characteristic blend of pulp and mystical derring-do. A '
              'rampaging army raids a village, kidnaps a young woman, and '
              "causes the death of her grandmother. At the general's lair, the "
              'captive maiden faces imminent rape, but she is suddenly rescued '
              'by the mysterious Daoist hermit White Monkey. Three years '
              'later, Yun Mei ("Yun Ko" in the English intertitles) reemerges '
              "as a full-fledged warrior, ready to avenge her grandmother's "
              'death by deploying the magic powers she learned from White '
              'Monkey. While sprinkled with anachronisms and prurient '
              "incongruities, the film is a robust telling of a young woman's "
              'transformation from abject victim to resolute warrior. Adapted '
              'from notes by Cheng-sim Lim',
 'tt0023036': 'The story is very much in two distinct parts, separated by '
              'three years. Set initially in the 1920s, VOLCANO begins with a '
              'depiction of the hard, but honest, life of a peasant family, '
              'irrigating and planting out their rice crops, and praying at a '
              'small shrine to for bounty and to ward of disaster. The '
              "family's happiness is shattered when their beautiful daughter "
              'is carried off by force to be the concubine of a local tyrant, '
              'Cao. Her older brother, Song, and father are arrested and set '
              'free only after she agrees to marriage with despot. The second '
              'half follows the older son, Song, now a seaman in an Indonesian '
              "port, where he meets the vivacious dancer, 'Willow Flower', "
              'played by Li Li-li. Without giving away more than the English '
              "title indicates, an opportunity for revenge for his family's "
              'distress will soon be presented to him.I was quite surprised '
              'when first seeing this at how frankly much of the violence is '
              "depicted, by which I don't mean that this film is bloody, but "
              'rather how un-sensational it often is, as if the audience were '
              "already familiar with like atrocities, and didn't need to be "
              'stirred by excessive dramatics. Beatings at the hands of thugs '
              'and a suicide are simply the results of a vicious warlord, '
              'vainly resisted. Even revenge, though sought, is not '
              "particularly sweet, but merely a private 'moment' on a much "
              "greater stage.No martial arts were evident anywhere (so I don't "
              'know which film another reviewer was watching)! This is not a '
              'martial arts film, but a fairly realistic, socially-conscious '
              'drama with interesting and well drawn characters, and with an '
              "overall 'leftist' tendency, as one would expect from the "
              "director Sun Yu, whose credits also include 'Dalu' (The "
              "Highway), 'Tianming' (Daybreak) and 'Xiao Wanyi' (Little "
              'Toys).The actors perform well, and Li Li-li (whose character '
              'appears in the second half) is as attractive as ever, evidently '
              'relishing the chance to show off her legs (which she seems to '
              "do in most films I've seen her in) to the delight of drunken "
              'sailors. The plot keeps moving and is no more melodramatic than '
              'the turbulent reality of the China of the early 30s. Tension '
              'builds nicely, and romantic subplots are kept in check, leading '
              'to a satisfying conclusion.',
 'tt0028281': 'Kwah-Wu Shang is a successful businessman, but his children are '
              'more interested in the pleasures available to them in the city '
              'than in working hard. So, back they all go to the countryside '
              'town he grew up in. Even there, his children throw parties, '
              'supposedly to honor him, but really so they can eat well, show '
              'off, and gamble. Then he recalls his own father;s dicta about '
              'doing good, rooted in the writings of Confucius. He founds an '
              'orphanage and old-folks home.The IMDb claims late Chinese '
              'silent picture with a musical track was the first Chinese film '
              'to get general release in the United States. I found it a '
              'fairly straightforward story about the traditional Chinese '
              'values. As a Jew, I find them familiar, because they are the '
              'same as those of the culture I grew up in: respect for '
              'learning, a sense of charity towards the community, the '
              'honoring of parents, and a deep love of food. Although this is '
              'more an overt parable than an actual story, I thought the '
              'camerawork was good and the acting fine; if the old-age make-up '
              'of the lead towards the end was a bit primitive and obvious, '
              'the 45-minute print I looked at, cut down from 65 minutes, '
              'moved along briskly.',
 'tt0040009': '"Yi jang chun shui xiang dong liu" was a great commercial '
              "success of its' time. After watching it, it is easy to "
              'understand why: it is simply so easy to love (and hate) the '
              'main characters, who are wonderfully played by Yang Bai and Tao '
              'Jin. Melodramas as strong as this are usually pretty '
              'ridiculous, but not when the characters are like members of '
              'your own family.In the beginning we have a happy family who '
              "works in a factory in Shanghai of the 30's. When the Japanese "
              'attack, the husband leaves her wife, mother and son behind to '
              'fight against the cruel invaders. For eight years they are '
              'separated. In that time, the waiting wife has to face all kinds '
              'of horrors of the war and poverty, while husband marries '
              'another woman (a rich one) in another city. He becomes a '
              'bourgeois who lives a sweet life far away from war. So, the '
              'film deals with the subject that has always been so popular '
              'among the left-winged film makers: the comparison between the '
              'bourgeoisie and the proletariat. It has the same message as '
              '"Die Freundlosse Gasse" and "Konets Sankt-Peterburga", etc., '
              'but it has a far more elegant way of telling it.The mother has '
              'too many self-pitying lines and the music becomes very '
              'irritating at times. These are about all faults there is. That '
              'is a excellent effort for a three-hour-long feature. I wonder '
              'if we Europeans have ever managed to make as powerful melodrama '
              'as this.Highly recommended to those who still believe in great '
              'emotions. Others beware.',
 'tt0042054': 'This film was made in 1949 just as the communists were taking '
              'over China. It was mostly filmed under the nationalist '
              'government, but one can definitely find traces of communist '
              'ideaology in the film.  With a hopeful look towards communism, '
              '"Crows and Sparrows" is definitely worth seeing to understand '
              'the Chinese spirit of this time.',
 'tt0043139': 'Shen Yuan (Yang Shen) tells a man thrown into prison by the '
              'Japanese after a lifetime of loyal service to China, "The '
              'Chinese people have lived meaninglessly for 5,000 years, dying '
              'unmourned\x85'
              'but things are different today". Shen, a revolutionary who has '
              'been fighting a guerilla war for many years, is ready to die '
              'for his belief that the Communist revolution will end Chinese '
              'enslavement to imperialists, foreigners, feudalists, and '
              'warlords forever. This Life of Mine, directed by Shi Hui, '
              'traces 50 years of Chinese history from the Qing Dynasty to the '
              'Communists. Told from the point of view of a simple Beijing '
              'policeman, Hui makes it clear that neither the Qing Dynasty, '
              'the Nationalists, or the Japanese ever really cared about the '
              'people and the injustices did not stop with each regime '
              'change.\n'
              'This Life of Mine begins when Hui is 60 years old and shivering '
              'in the cold looking for food and shelter. His life is told in '
              'flashbacks beginning with his first job as a policeman, and '
              'then following his career through uprisings, takeovers, and '
              'revolutions as he defends whatever authority happens to be in '
              'power. Hui  raises a family only to see them leave either '
              'through death, abduction by the authorities, or in the case of '
              'his beloved son Hai Fu, join the guerillas. The film is not a '
              'dry history lesson but a warm, funny and often very sad '
              'portrayal of a human being struggle for survival and dignity. '
              'Though at times he seems servile, he is a man of compassion and '
              'a loving provider for his family. The scene where he begs his '
              'last remaining child, Hai Fu, to stay with him when he asks '
              'permission to leave to join the guerillas is truly affecting. '
              'Between 1947 and 1952, director Shi Hui was one of the most '
              'popular directors in China. Unfortunately for the world, just '
              'five years later, he was labeled a reactionary rightist and '
              'took his own life at the age of 42. It was a privilege to have '
              'been able to see a work by this master. This Life of Mine needs '
              'to be restored and released on DVD.',
 'tt0049979': 'This movie is a generally well made, occasionally melodramatic '
              'story of a peasant woman in China who is widowed twice, and '
              'betrayed by both the strict confines of society and by the '
              'cruel nature of her neighbours.The original tale by Lu Xun is '
              'more complex, and compelling, but the elements that the movie '
              'retained are convincing and solid (probably more than they '
              "could've been with all the stories elements).A special note: "
              "the narrator's voice makes only three appearances, and are "
              'either redundant and useless, or party of the propaganda of the '
              'time period. For what its worth, the film depicts the real ills '
              'of China that its later inhabitants are still struggling '
              'with...the old ways and the solutions they chose.',
 'tt0051883': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Legend of Lu-Ban.Lu-Ban is the an ancient Chinese master of '
              'carpentry who was eulogized as a God in Chinese folk legends, '
              'which this movie is based on.  This movie is a true piece of '
              'entertainment in an era that is often filled with political '
              'propaganda.',
 'tt0053010': '(for "The Chinese Revolution through Film" taught by Prof. B. '
              'Weiner)Directed in 1958, this movie, Lin Zexu, reflects the '
              'imagined myth of that famous person who has a big impact on '
              'modern China. In my opinion, the movie depicts two different '
              'faces of Lin Zexu. On one side, Lin is a competent official who '
              'wins the support from the local community and serves loyally to '
              'the Qing emperor. On the other side, Lin is made into a hero of '
              'anti-imperialist, anti-colonialism and anti- capitalism. The '
              'conflict between these two roles marks the complex '
              'interpretation of Lin Zexu and the Opium War.To some extent, '
              'the image of Lin Zexu in the movie is quite similar to '
              'traditional well- reputed government officials, such as Bao '
              'Zheng and Hai Rui: he sides with ordinary people who suffer '
              'from villains (foreigners in this movie), fights with corrupt '
              'officials and is memorized by the community when exiled. In the '
              'latter half of the film, after Lin is dismissed from his '
              'position (striped off his insignia of rank), staying at home, '
              'Lin lies back into the chair silently and a book named Chu Ci '
              '(verses of Chu) is spread on the floor. Chu Ci is authored '
              'mainly by Qu Yuan, who is a loyal minister who lived in the '
              'Warring State period of China and worried about the future of '
              'his own state (State of Chu), but is slandered by corrupted '
              'ministers and then exiled by the king. Feeling deeply depressed '
              'of the fate of himself as well as his state, Qu Yuan commit '
              'suicide to end his life. This scene gives a hint to the '
              'similarity between the tragic fate of a minister in ancient '
              'China and a commissioner in Late-Imperial China, in which both '
              'of them fall out of favor with the monarch. There may be a '
              'deeper meaning underlying it: though more than thousands of '
              'years has passed from Qu Yuan to Lin Zexu, the plot that a '
              'loyal minister is framed by a villain near the gullible monarch '
              "doesn't change a lot.However, the Daoguang Emperor rendered in "
              'this movie is not that mindless. In general, Daoguang is '
              'depicted as an intelligent and benevolent monarch. He cares '
              'about the well-being of the ruled people and supports the '
              'suppression of opium- smoking enthusiastically at first. It is '
              'only after corrupted ministers make falsified evidence to prove '
              "Lin's disloyalty that Daoguang doesn't trust Lin Zexu anymore. "
              'Why does the director render Daoguang as a positive, or at '
              'least a neutral figure? One possible reason may be that '
              'presenting Daoguang as an incompetent and insane dictator may '
              'make the audience think of the deficiencies of "New China"\'s '
              'monarch, Chairman Mao. Yet another more plausible reason may be '
              'that it matches a common imagination from ordinary Chinese '
              'people that the Emperor is a good one, and most officials are '
              'capable, which would have led to a bright future if a handful '
              "of bad guys (traitors or the corrupt) didn't sabotage their "
              'efforts. For example, the official interpretation of Cultural '
              'Revolution matches this imagination: It is claimed by the '
              'authority that Mao Zedong is not mainly responsible for this '
              'movement because he is tricked by the Gang of Four to start the '
              'movement. To put it simple, the ruler usually does good things, '
              'sometimes he does bad things but he is not responsible for that '
              'because he is tricked by villains.The other side of Lin Zexu as '
              'an anti-imperialist and anti-colonialist hero looks a bit weird '
              'in the movie, as it is more like an invention in the 20th '
              'century with the development of nationalism. The film starts '
              'with a few bas-relief depicting the working and fighting scene '
              'focused on labouring people, which is quite similar to the '
              "bas-relief on the monument of the People's Heros, indicating "
              'the important role played by ordinary people in the movie.In '
              'the very last scene, the Guangzhou people siege and rush to '
              'British Army with cold weapon (Sanyuanli Incident), while the '
              'exiled Lin Zexu ride a horse escorted by soldiers and looks '
              'back to the direction of Guangzhou. This scene is obviously the '
              'propaganda of the strategy of "People\'s War", which is common '
              'in communist China. In fact, the final fighting scene between '
              "local people and British invader doesn't exist in the original "
              'film. Zhou Enlai, the Premier of China, suggests the director '
              'to add this scene so that the movie looks more political '
              'correct at that time.Apart from the movie, it is also worth '
              'mentioning about the life of the director, Zheng Junli. He has '
              'been a famous left-wing actor in Shanghai for years before he '
              'becomes a director. He is a friend of Jiang Qing when they are '
              'both famous actors in Shanghai. After the shot of the '
              'well-received Lin Zexu, he is admitted to the Communist Party '
              'of China. Ironically but not surprisingly, Zheng Junli, a '
              'competent director who serves loyally for the Communist Party, '
              'is persecuted severally during the Cultural Revolution and died '
              'in prison in 1969. And Jiang Qing, who is now the wife of Mao '
              'Zedong, plays the villain and leads the persecution on Zheng '
              'Junli specially. — September 6, 2016',
 'tt0054034': 'I am from Liuzhou,China,and Liuzhou people always boasts that '
              'Liu San Jie was a local girl of Liuzhou.Legend has it that she '
              'became goddess in Liuzhou after being persecuted by landlords '
              'who were jealous of her singing and ,more importantly,afraid of '
              'her rebellious character.She was drowned into the pond of Yu '
              'Feng Park in Liuzhou but the fish in the pond helped her to fly '
              'to the heaven since those fish were fond of her singing,too. I '
              "can't remember how many times I have listened to her songs and "
              'how often I watched the DVD/VCD of Liu San Jie.I simply love '
              'the movie,the actresses in the movie and people who made the '
              'movie.I sing the songs myself now and then . I have shared with '
              'my friends worldwide the songs in the movie and one friend said '
              'she listened to the song 20 times a night...... I would show '
              'you around in the Park where you can see the temple of Liu San '
              'Jie one day you visit Liuzhou. Last but not least,many people '
              'in China knew Liu San Jie before they knew about Guangxi.',
 'tt0055371': 'Again, it is extremely easy to pass this film as another '
              'political propaganda at first glance.  However, even as a '
              'strong opponent of communism, one must consider the cause of '
              'embracing of radicalism, such as communism: the burden of '
              'tradition is simply too great and victims simply cannot wait '
              'for the gradual improvements.',
 'tt0056078': 'China is a country with more 5000 years of history. However, '
              'some people just could not see the huge value of the Chinese '
              'culture and their eyes are covered blindly by a few years of '
              'political disaster. This film is just a difference from other '
              'political propaganda? Give me a break! It is not convincing to '
              'criticize this master art with just a simple sentence. Do you '
              'really know the history Yue Ju at Shanghai? Ask the Chinese who '
              'are Xiu Yulan and Wang Wenjuan, even the young kids will be '
              'able to tell you some thing. Their classical way of performance '
              'and building of characters cannot be repeated again. We are '
              'talking about Odaly Hepburn and Engley Borman here in the '
              'Chinese Eyes. It has nothing to do with Politics because the '
              'drama was created before 1949 and even the communists did not '
              'want to touch it. It is about a few years latter that the film '
              'was forbidden to show on public during the culture revolution. '
              'I am tire about the nonsense reviews from some body who do not '
              'even have a glance of the Chinese culture.',
 'tt0057713': 'What harmony in some of the sequences between the musical '
              'accompaniment and the images! It is Romanticism of the highest '
              'order.The hero paces the landscape with a formidable energy, a '
              'rhythmic personage of increasing and decreasing size, powered '
              'forward by the germinal forces of the Earth. The trees and the '
              'flowers breathe through him, and his sadness is discharged with '
              'a rainfall.He is founding a new social order. The young pupils '
              'are prompted to think for themselves, and Lan(whom the hero '
              'loves), to oppose her spirit to the written volumes (in a '
              'Protestant fashion).Playing the piano propels the hero (and the '
              'heroine) along a line of sonorous abolition. The torments of '
              'class injustice, and of all the hard realities come to crumble '
              'in flow of quanta where sound governs universes of synesthesia.',
 'tt0059855': 'A goofy and great animated film about an anarchic Monkey King '
              '-- Sun Wukong -- who spends his days playfully directing '
              'millions of monkey children in martial arts training and '
              'bouncing around the beautiful waterfall forest they inhabit. '
              'After twice being deceptively lured into heaven by the Jade '
              'Emperor, so that he may be controlled and watched over, the '
              'Monkey King begins dismantling the Confucian hierarchies around '
              '(and above) him. Using spontaneous, creative, and subversive '
              'magic the Monkey King consistently undermines the Jade Emperor '
              "and his many minions and henchmen.It's full of colorfully wild "
              'sequences replete with animal transformations, hilarious '
              'caricatures of military/political leaders, and jubilant, '
              'drunken rambunctiousness. The version I saw -- with English '
              'storytelling-narration leaving the Chinese dialog in its '
              'original Mandarin -- goes on forever. And the Chinese-opera '
              'styled music is a bit overwhelming at times. But the offbeat '
              'comic timing, ponderous caesuras, wavy movements, and truncated '
              'ending all make it a bizarrely entertaining experience.Based on '
              'the early sections of the classic Chinese novel "Journey to the '
              'West", most commentators see the Monkey King in the film as '
              "representative of Mao wreaking havoc in China. Yet, with Mao's "
              'Cultural Revolution effectively eliminating the creative film '
              'industry the very next year, one may alternatively equate Mao '
              'with the oppressive Jade Emperor and his advisors desperately '
              'trying to destroy the liberated spirit of the Monkey King. '
              'Those of us born in the year of Monkey might be able to relate '
              'on a more universal level.',
 'tt0076581': "Let's make something clear, the love of the actress and the "
              'director does not mean the love of this movie, which is a '
              'mouthpiece of political propaganda.However, I understand that '
              'it was the era before the reform in China had even started and '
              'this movie was made the year after the end of the Cultural '
              'Revolution, and the curse of that disaster is still dominating '
              'the daily life of everyone, and the film crew had to be more '
              'careful by playing safe. This film should be treated as those '
              'political propaganda Mr. Jin Xie was forced to make during the '
              'Cultural Revolution.However, Ms Joan Chen is worth watching as '
              'a teen ager and she looks better back then in comparison how '
              'she looks now, and this young look of Ms. Joan Chen the only '
              'thing this movie is worth watching for.',
 'tt0079421': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: The Smile '
              'of the Bitter Person.This movie made in the first year of the '
              'reform in China is a great advocate of reform and personal '
              'liberalization via its accurate depiction of the trauma left by '
              'the Cultural Revolution, and the success of healing a tiny part '
              'of the trauma via the reform introduced.',
 'tt0079891': '"The Shaolin Temple" is the first Chinese martial arts film to '
              'use gongfu artists instead of actors. Initially, the Japanese '
              "investors hired actors, but didn't like the results, so they "
              'hired regional and national wushu champions. Although Jet Li is '
              "the main character and his wushu is exceptional, don't "
              'underestimate the other gongfu artists; they are just as good. '
              'The film was two years in the making due to injuries the cast '
              'received doing their own stunts. The credits state that the '
              'fight choreography was done by Pan Qing Fu, but this is not so. '
              'The cast choreographed their own fight scenes and deserve the '
              "credit they've been denied.",
 'tt0080404': 'Ever watched a movie by Finnish director Aki Kaurismäki? Man '
              'without a Past or Le Havre maybe? – Bashan Yeyu is the most '
              'Kaurismäean movie there is out there – made by two Chinese '
              'filmmakers and well before Kaurismäki had even picked up a '
              'camera.It is a timeless masterpiece, and despite its '
              'post-Cultural Revolution context it refuses to be reduced to '
              '"special interest"- status. By special interest I mean movies '
              'for cineasts who are interested in China and its history. '
              'Bashan Yeyu is about universal themes, first and foremost about '
              'how to stay human (better: a Mensh) within an inhuman and '
              'dysfunctional system. There is only one way, the movie claims: '
              'the individual will protect his dignity through compassion, '
              'solidarity, and forgiveness (I have always wondered why the '
              'movies parading Christian virtues the most convincingly all are '
              'by atheist directors, but I digress).Of course, filmmakers with '
              'such philosophy run the risk of producing terrible kitsch. The '
              'sufferings and hardships of the characters in cabin no 13 – '
              'notably those of the poet but also of the bartered bride and '
              'the old widow – are portrayed with some pathos, yes. But (like '
              'Kaurismäki, by the way), the two Chinese directors manage the '
              'tightrope brilliantly. To the left, the abyss screams "social '
              'romanticism", to the right yawns the gap called "cheesy '
              'sentimentalism", but the rope-dancer never falls off. This '
              'makes the Great Humanism of the movie a beautiful and cathartic '
              "experience.How did the two Wu's do it? – For one thing, much of "
              'the pathos comes in the guise of understatement and '
              'underacting. The poet is stoic to an extent that hurts. So is '
              'his male guard, who reminds me of Humphrey Bogart in one of his '
              'films noirs. The old widow is equally composed, which gives her '
              'grief a dignified air. The captain and his officers appear '
              'sympathetic but reserved and professional. And even the little '
              "girl - SPOILER - who turns out to be the poet's daughter does "
              'not betray much emotion – she has her mind set on survival. '
              'Large parts of the film do not contain much dialogue, '
              'characters communicate through non-verbal means, sometimes even '
              'facial expressions are minimalist. Thus a simple glance may '
              'carry all the weight. Kaurismäki, anyone? It is true that the '
              'film gives a few monologues or conversations a respectful '
              'treatment, but only as far as they are deeply personal '
              'narratives. The old widow who explains the ritual with which '
              'she mourns her drowned son is a case in point. Most other '
              'verbal output is treated as a nuisance, in particular the '
              'propaganda duckspeak of the female guard. Her fanatic '
              "verbosity, and to a lesser degree the bartered bride's "
              'melodramatic outbursts are shown to be a sign of immaturity. '
              'Action speaks louder than words in this movie, and the key to '
              "maturity is to assume responsibility for one's actions as a "
              'human being in his/her own right. - SPOILER - Not surprisingly, '
              'the bartered bride matures when she takes the decision to '
              'define herself as an individual, defy tradition (i.e. not to '
              "pay off her father's debt with her body), and face a "
              'challenging life in poverty but together with her true love. '
              'The female guard, initially hardened by the shunning treatment '
              'she is given on board, matures once she begins to listen and '
              "observe, and identify the contradictions between the Party's "
              'ideals and the grim realities and individual suffering around '
              'her. What breaks her and ultimately turns her into a good '
              'person is the compassion she develops for the child in search '
              'of her father.Another means by which pathos is transported is '
              'music. The music in Bashan Yeyu extends beyond the status that '
              'film music usually holds. For one thing, it becomes an '
              'essential plot element necessary to bring about the resolution. '
              '- SPOILER - As the poet has never seen his daughter (he had '
              'been imprisoned before she was born), and as the daughter has '
              "never seen her father, the poet's song dedicated to his "
              'daughter is the only possible sign of recognition between the '
              'two. The meeting of father and daughter, however, means more '
              'than the meeting of two individuals. This is the future '
              'reconciling with the past through music and poetry, not through '
              'debate and argument – or better: through arts instead of '
              'politics.In short: Bashan Yeyu is a much underrated film that '
              'more people should watch. You will – at least for a few hours '
              'afterward – feel like you have become a better person.',
 'tt0081553': 'Like a handsome Bollywood epic, Two Stage Sisters a film by Jin '
              'Xie has something for everyone -- sympathetic heroines, evil '
              'capitalists, great music, Hollywood-style melodrama, and '
              'revolutionary fervor. Set in pre-Revolutionary China, it is a '
              'tragic melodrama with strong political overtones. Though '
              'revolutionary in spirit, the film was banned after its debut '
              'for "bourgeois humanism", ostensibly making the reactionary '
              'sister seem too sympathetic. The director himself was '
              'imprisoned at the start of the Cultural Revolution.In Two Stage '
              'Sisters, a runaway peasant girl, Zhu Chunhua (Fang Xie), is '
              'taken in by an opera troupe and meets Xing Yuehong (Yindi Cao) '
              'and her kind father, Master Xing. When the father dies, the two '
              'actresses go to Shanghai and perform in the Shaoxing Opera, '
              'displacing the former singer, Miss Shang (Yunzhu Shangguan) who '
              'grows bitter and resentful towards the manager, Master Tang. '
              'Yuehong and Chunhua become close friends but it is obvious they '
              'are moving in different directions. Chunhua meets a '
              'revolutionary cadre who points out how women are exploited and '
              'oppressed, making sure to point out that its not just the fault '
              'of the bosses but their bosses and beyond that, the '
              'Americans.Chunhua attends political meetings and becomes '
              'involved in the Revolution while Yuehong marries Master Tang '
              'and lives in style - wearing Western clothes, high heels, '
              'elaborate headdresses, and makeup. When Chunhua refuses to stop '
              'a play objected to by the bosses, she is assaulted and comes '
              'face to face in court with Yuehong who is forced to testify '
              'against her, setting the stage for a dramatic climax. Powerful '
              'and involving, Two Stage Sisters is an important film and a '
              'rare treat for the senses.',
 'tt0081632': 'In the era of cultural revolution, a persecuted intellectual '
              'was sent into exile in the remote mountainous region.  His '
              'girlfriend, who also suffered in the turmoil, could not handle '
              'the pressure and use the opportunity she had to fled back to '
              'urban life, where living standard was considerably higher.It '
              "was the girlfriend's best friend, who never made big promises "
              'but had a strong will, stayed with the man and eventually '
              'married him and took care him.  The story is told in the '
              'fashion of flashbacks when the original girlfriend read the '
              'letters from her best friend and ex-boyfriend.True love only '
              'prevails in difficulties is the theme.',
 'tt0081770': "How team members of Chinese women's basketball team struggle to "
              'overcome difficulties, personal or technical, to achieve '
              'crownation in competition. This was the goal at the time for '
              'the real team.However, in real life, the year of 1957 is the '
              'year Chairman Mao started the political movement '
              '"Anti-Rightists Movement", which is the beginning of a series '
              'political movements started by Mao and brought China to the '
              'brink of collapse.  The basketball team, like any other team '
              'sport, and every aspect of life, as matter of fact, suffers '
              'greatly under political persecution, and it was not until more '
              "than a quarter century later in the 1980's, did Chinese women's "
              'team achieved something that was close to what depicted in the '
              'movie.',
 'tt0081781': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is Little '
              'Flower.Unlike the ordinary political propaganda of the Cultural '
              'Revolution era, this movie is a pioneer in liberalization by '
              'describing the simply personal relationships of a girl fall in '
              'love with the wounded soldier she and her mom took care.  The '
              'elimination of the political ideological lecturing such as girl '
              'wakening up and rise to the cause of revolution that was '
              'typical in the movies of that era put this film ahead of other '
              'similar Chinese films.',
 'tt0081971': 'Lu Xun, one of the greatest writer in the contemporary Chinese '
              'history, wrote this masterpiece of social criticism of '
              'pre-revolutionary era China with the same name.  The movie is a '
              'good adoptation, just as the play, in which most of the cast '
              'are members of the cast of this movie, including the '
              'protagonist.',
 'tt0082662': 'This movie honestly depicts the common problem of China, the '
              'shortage of housing, by eulogizing the official who tried hard '
              'to solve the problem. \n'
              'The hidden social criticism, however, is difficult to realize '
              'because it is well hidden for fear of governmental censorship.  '
              'After all, this movie was made at the beginning of the reform '
              "in the early 1980's China.The hidden social criticism is that "
              'for most people, it was too late.  The good official who tried '
              'hard to solve the problem was liberated from the labor camp but '
              'his health was seriously damaged and as a result, he died '
              'before the task could be completed and only a few people '
              'benefited from his effort.  This is the fate of many cadres and '
              'the movie did an excellent job in criticize the evil of the '
              'Cultural Revolution despite its careful approach of hidden '
              'theme.',
 'tt0083060': 'The name of the protagonist was used for the title of this '
              'movie, and the movie was actually based on novel that first '
              'started at end of the Cultural Revolution.  After the end of '
              'the Cultural Revolution, the work was finished with '
              'governmental encouragement due to its advocacy of nationalism '
              'because China was ruled by die-hard conservatives.These '
              'die-hard conservatives still adores Mao and made excuse for Mao '
              'by blaming the Gang of Four for the Cultrual Revolution, and '
              'not surpringly, the novel was like by them as a way to divert '
              'public sentiment against the Cultural Revolution to '
              'nationalism, and they supported turning the novel into a movie '
              'and a radio show.  However, when these were finally '
              'accomplished, those die-hard conservatives were forced out of '
              'office by popular demand and when their favorite, this movie '
              'premiered, it was pretty obvious that such work with the '
              'Cultural Revolution mentality naturally faced storm of '
              'criticism.',
 'tt0083345': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Xi-An '
              'incident.This movie made in the early era of the reform in '
              'China depicted a very accurate picture of what happened in 1936 '
              'at Xi-An, the provincial capital of Shaanxi Province in '
              'Northwestern part of China.  The importance of this movie is '
              'that previously, a historical figure portrayed in Chinese '
              'movies, and in fact, in the entire Chinese society is either '
              'depicted by political standards as saints, such as the '
              'communists and their allies, or as villains such as the enemy '
              'of the communists, particularly in the era of the Cultural '
              'Revolution.  This movie is one of the early pioneers that '
              'treated historical figures as people, neither glorifying them '
              'as saints, nor demonizing them as devils.  Perhaps this was '
              'part of the reason this anti-nationalist movie was able to be '
              "aired in the nationalist dominated Taiwan in 1980's.",
 'tt0084280': 'Though human-pulled rickshaws were invented in Japan at the end '
              'of the 19th century and were still operating in many Asian '
              'cities until the 1950s, they have come to symbolize the '
              'degradation that peasants suffered in early 20th century China. '
              'Pulling rickshaws was often the only work available to those '
              'coming to the cities for the first time and many had to work 17 '
              'or 18 hours a day regardless of the weather just to eke out a '
              'living. Just released on DVD in the Celebration of Chinese '
              'Cinema series, Rickshaw Boy tells the story of Xiangzi, a young '
              'peasant from the countryside who works as a rickshaw puller in '
              'Beijing in the 1920s, trying to save enough money to buy his '
              'own vehicle. The first film from Communist China to open in an '
              'American theater, Rickshaw Boy is not just a story about '
              'rickshaw pullers, but about the ugliness of a city run by '
              'dueling warlords where many of the poor turned against each '
              'other for survival. While at times overly melodramatic, the '
              'film transcends its "socialist realism" limitations to become a '
              'deeply involving portrait of the optimism and courage of the '
              'common people in old China. .In the film, Xiangzi (Zhang '
              'Fengyi) struggles to establish a business but is seduced by the '
              "owner of the Rickshaw Company's daughter, the crafty and "
              'manipulative but good-hearted Hunui, brilliantly performed by '
              'Siqin Gaowa. Despite a ten-year difference in age, she tires to '
              'lure him to the altar but he runs away to work as a rickshaw '
              'puller for a scholar, Mr Cao (Li Tang). Huniu tracks him down '
              'and tries to trick him into marrying her by pretending to be '
              'pregnant. Xiangzi agrees to be married, believing her to be '
              'pregnant and resumes his quest to buy his own vehicle until '
              'battered by repeated tragedies. Desperate conditions of life in '
              'pre-Revolutionary China are shown in the growing relationship '
              'between Xiangzi and Xiao Fuzi (Yin Xin), a young woman who is '
              'forced into prostitution to earn money to buy food to keep her '
              'young brothers alive. Directed by Ling Zefing, a member of '
              "China's Third Generation (1949-78) of filmmakers, Rickshaw Boy "
              'is based on the 1936 novel Camel Xiangzi by proletarian author '
              'and playwright Lao She, one of the first novels about a laborer '
              'in modern Chinese literature. The impact of Lao She (who sadly '
              'committed suicide after being persecuted during the Cultural '
              'Revolution) and Xiangzi are still felt today. According to an '
              'article in China Pictorial magazine by Pang Liping, in recent '
              'years it has become common to see rickshaw boys dressed in '
              'traditional clothes worn by rickshaw boys of the past, waiting '
              'for customers on the side of the road. Beijingers call them '
              '"Xiangzi"; celebrating the struggles of a hero from the past.',
 'tt0084363': 'Just like the movie Tian Yun Shan Chuan Qi (Legend of Mount Sky '
              'Cloud) released in 1980, this movie is not nationalistic at '
              'all.  Instead, it is philosophical, and in fact, a rather '
              'simple one: Money cannot buy you happiness or true love.Besides '
              'the Taoist philosophical theme mentioned above, there is an '
              'also pragmatism reflected:  the herdsman is near his forties '
              'and it would be really difficult to adjust to a completely new '
              'life style, in fact, not only adjusting, but actually '
              'learning.  Furthermore, the problem would be greater for the '
              'family: the wife and child would face the same dilemma if they '
              'went with him, but if he went along, there would also be the '
              'problems caused by long-term separation.The pragmatism is '
              'another Taoism philosophy, which was especially popular in the '
              'post Cultural Revolution era:  After the pro-long political '
              'turmoil, people would not dream of luxury, a simple happy life '
              'with a loving family is the best.  This is the true theme of '
              'the movie.',
 'tt0085326': "The Beijing of the 1920's seen through the eyes of a little "
              'girl. The neighborhood is in the Southern part of the city, '
              'inhabited by the poor; among them some middle class people. The '
              'girl has the innocence and curiosity of each kid of that age '
              "and her eyes chronicle what's unfolding in the family, at "
              'school, on the street, in the life of the neighbors. A young '
              'woman got mad; the girl wants to see what the matter is, the '
              'mother stops her. The girl insists, and witnesses the crises of '
              'the mad woman; her husband had been executed for revolutionary '
              'activities, her little daughter had disappeared, the woman has '
              'lost her minds. Another neighbor, a young girl, is abused by '
              'her parents. A young thief is hiding in the junk behind the '
              "girl's house, they become friends. He will be caught by the "
              'police. A new brother is born and all attention at home is '
              'directed to him. The father gets sick and dies. Beyond all '
              'these dramas, there is the magic of the old city, crossed '
              'sometimes by carts pulled by donkeys, sometimes by caravans '
              'with camels, sometimes by police escorting political prisoners '
              'or thieves; and the joy of life of the little daughter. A '
              'superb blend of innocence and nostalgia: the innocence of the '
              'kid, the nostalgia of the grown up who once upon a time was a '
              "little girl. The grown up who knows that times don't come back "
              'and the old city will never be again as it was once upon a '
              "time.It's based on an autobiographical novel written by Lin "
              'Haiyin: born in Osaka in 1918, she came with her family to '
              'Beijing at the age of five and spent there the following 25 '
              'years. In 1948 she moved to Taiwan and became a well known '
              'author. Lin Haiyin died in 2001.',
 'tt0085837': 'This movie accurately describes the accomplishment of chief '
              'hydraulic engineer Mr. Bing Li 2500 years ago, and his name is '
              'used as the title of this movie.The Du River Project was built '
              'at the Si-Chuan (Four River) province of western part of China '
              'for irrigation, navigation, flood control, and forestation '
              'purposes and the contribution is so great that people built an '
              'temple for him and his son.  Although around 2500 years old, '
              'the project still works today.  The film concentrated on the '
              'effort of construction and did mention these scientific '
              'contributions and social benefits so next when you visited the '
              'Four River (Si-Chuan) Province of China, do not forget to visit '
              'the site of this project to learn more.',
 'tt0086621': 'This film concerns eight criminal prisoners of the Chinese 8th '
              'Army and one unjustly accused commander, also imprisoned; the '
              'prologue to the film leaves no doubt as towards the culpability '
              'of the eight and the innocence of the one. The nine accompany '
              'the army as it is harried by the Japanese during the Second '
              'Sino-Japanese War. Zhang Yimou gets an early credit as '
              "cinematographer. It's the earliest Chinese war film I've seen "
              "where the characters aren't flagrant personifications of "
              'revolutionary values. It has pleasant concessions to humanity '
              'whilst still banging the propaganda drum (only to the same '
              "extent as The Green Berets). Whilst it is propaganda, I'm in no "
              'doubt that there was heroic defence against Japanese aggression '
              'at the time. There is to an extent a disconnect between some '
              'particularly exorbitant cinematography (you could freeze many '
              "great still photos from the film), and a story that doesn't "
              'really flow and feels like it has too many gaps. There is '
              'however genuine pathos in the movie and the journey the men go '
              'on is compelling. The source text is trying to point out that '
              'the exemplary acts of one individual can knock onto the rest, '
              'although its seeming conviction that innocence is self-evident '
              'and will always out could be seen as an obnoxious repudiation '
              'of many innocent dead from this period. Would bear interesting '
              "comparison to Aldrich's Dirty Dozen in terms of archetype.",
 'tt0086878': 'It is one of the best films in Mainland China, a famous chinese '
              'writer named Congwen Shen wrote this lovely love story, very '
              'slow but beautiful. The story is quite simple : two brothers '
              'fell in love with the same girl.....Only a sad story will never '
              'grasp your heart like this, this is a story associate with '
              "chinese society , people care a lot about other people's "
              'comment on their behavior rather than their initial '
              'desire...Lovely music and nice scenery, typical small town in '
              'south of china, small river , little cottage , an old boat and '
              "an old dog... Bamboo forest as well...If you haven't watched "
              'this movie yet , really recommend you to do so , the Director '
              'LIng zifeng is a very experienced person, but despite all this '
              ', it is quite difficult to find the video or VCD for this '
              'film...',
 'tt0087057': 'THE YOUNG HERO OF SHAOLIN (1984), the on-screen title on my VHS '
              'edition of this film, is a Mainland Chinese kung fu film about '
              'legendary martial artist Fong Sai Yuk and is not to be confused '
              'with an earlier Hong Kong film sometimes listed by that title '
              "(and listed on IMDb as ENTER THE WHIRLWIND BOXER, 1976) that's "
              "also about Fong Sai Yuk. I've seen only a handful of Mainland "
              'Chinese kung fu films, some of which are better than others '
              '(e.g. the Jet Li version of SHAOLIN TEMPLE, 1982). This one is '
              'comparatively well-mounted, with authentic settings, a large '
              'number of extras, and expert staging of the fight scenes.The '
              'film focuses on Fong as a youth, from infancy to early '
              'adulthood, including early training from his martial artist '
              'mother before entering Shaolin Temple as a student and then '
              'graduating from the temple and traveling until he is compelled '
              'to take on a formidable opponent at a tournament in Hangchow. '
              "That's basically all the plot there is. Most of the fights are "
              'presented in the context of training, tests, challenges, and '
              'tournaments. Time is spent on his period as a cocky, immature '
              'youth who pulls pranks on his fellow students and teachers '
              'before getting taken down a peg and buckling down to train '
              'seriously. His mother is a prominent character in many films '
              'about Fong, but we actually see both his parents here '
              'throughout the entire film. We also see the Buddhist nun who '
              'taught his mother and who interacts with Fong from time to '
              "time. Legend has it that Fong's mother subjected him to herbal "
              'treatments as an infant to make him invulnerable. We see those '
              'treatments early in this film, although his invulnerability '
              'does not figure in the plot as much as it did in various Hong '
              'Kong films about Fong that are better-known and much more '
              'exciting, e.g. MEN FROM THE MONASTERY (1974) and SHAOLIN '
              'AVENGERS (1976), in both of which Alexander Fu Sheng played '
              'Fong, a part he also played in HEROES TWO (1973) and SHAOLIN '
              'TEMPLE (1976). Meng Fei played the role in THE PRODIGAL BOXER '
              '(1973) and Jet Li played the role in FONG SAI YUK (aka THE '
              'LEGEND, 1993).As a character, Fong boasts a generally cheery '
              'and optimistic demeanor here. Despite the mischief he engages '
              'in during his early tenure at Shaolin, he is shown to be a '
              'good-hearted soul who gets into trouble for taking food from '
              'the temple to share with a poor girl ("White Flower") and her '
              'ailing grandfather living in a hut near the temple. Shi Bao '
              'Hua, the young actor playing Fong here, is spry and agile and '
              'also a very good acrobat and fighter and consistently fun to '
              'watch in action. The big fights at the end are staged as part '
              'of a competition on a public platform in which an evil master '
              'and his son, "Captain Ray Hung" (as he\'s named in my '
              'English-dubbed copy), take on various challengers in Hangchow '
              'and use devious means to beat, maim and even kill some of them. '
              "The two villains had threatened Fong's family when Fong was a "
              "baby, as seen in the film's opening scene, and have been "
              "holding a grudge ever since. Fong's final battle with them is "
              'the most grueling and satisfying in the film, at least until '
              'the rather abrupt ending.My English-dubbed VHS copy (from Ocean '
              "Shores) runs 91 minutes. The English dubbing isn't bad at all, "
              'with the crowd scenes handled particularly well. The main '
              "character's name is spelled Fong Sze Yu in the opening text and "
              "Fang Shiyu in the closing credits. The lead actor's name is "
              'spelled Shi Bao Hua in the closing credits and Sze Po Wah on '
              'the VHS case. He sometimes went by the name of Barry Tze and '
              'starred in a sequel that was released in the U.S. on VHS as '
              'part of the Wu Tang Collection under the name, IRON MAN, which '
              'I am unable to find on IMDb. Given that there appears to be no '
              'IMDb page for the sequel, I should add a comment about it here, '
              'especially since I watched it right after watching the first '
              'film. My notes indicate that its original title was YOUNG HERO '
              'OF SHAOLIN 2 and had a 1986 release date. It follows the '
              'further adventures of Fong Sai Yuk, but with a greater emphasis '
              'on his onetime Shaolin comrade, Hu Wei Chen, a prominent '
              'character in other Shaolin-themed kung fu films. Hu is involved '
              "in a dispute with local villain Dragon Head, who's backed by a "
              'corrupt court official. When Fong comes to town, he immediately '
              'takes sides with Hu. Complicating matters is the fact that '
              "Dragon Head's sister is attracted to Fong and secretly helps "
              "him. When Hu's sister is kidnapped by the gang, all hell breaks "
              "loose as the heroes, joined by Fong's mother, Dragon Head's "
              'sister, and eventually a whole cadre of Shaolin monks, enter '
              'into a pitched battle with increasing numbers of opponents. At '
              'one point, Fong and his allies fight the spectacular Golden '
              'Formation, seen in shifting patterns in some impressive staging '
              'captured in long shot in a prelude to the big fight. There is '
              'also a colorful Lion Dance sequence and a surprise appearance '
              'by San Te, the monk character featured in THE 36TH CHAMBER OF '
              'SHAOLIN. The editing is extremely disjointed and makes the '
              'movie play, at times, like excerpts from a much longer film. It '
              'was quite confusing early on, but once the kidnapping occurs '
              "over halfway through, the plot settles into gear and it's one "
              'solid fight scene after another. Like the earlier film, this '
              'one is shot on picturesque Chinese locations and uses an ample '
              'number of extras. The first film is more cohesive, but the '
              'second one is more wildly entertaining. My Wu Tang Collection '
              'VHS copy of IRON MAN is dubbed in English, runs 93 minutes, and '
              'was transferred in a pan-and-scan edition at the EP speed.',
 'tt0087301': 'Hibiscus Town is about victimization, humiliation, and '
              'salvation in a small Chinese village before, during, and after '
              'the Cultural Revolution.Its central character, born of a '
              'capitalist inn keeper, is victimized by the new Communist party '
              'director who is jealous of her beauty and success. From this '
              'tough beginning we watch her fall from grace in the village, '
              'lose everything that is dear, and face further humiliation with '
              'the arrival of the cultural revolution.  Yet from this dark low '
              'we watch her find salvation in those around her and find '
              'something worth living for.This all works to great success '
              'thanks to solid acting, directing, and a strong screenplay '
              'based on a popular novel.  The film does seem a bit awkward at '
              'first, but I found it soon pulled me deeper into the story and '
              'characters then I had realized.  By the second half I truly '
              'felt for the protagonists and their cause.  The experience is '
              'further seasoned by authentic sets and very believable '
              'supporting performances, making the village an accessible '
              'setting.Definitely worth a look. (8/10 stars)',
 'tt0087433': "Perhaps the best-known member of the 'fifth generation' of "
              'young directors to graduate from the Beijing Film Academy in '
              '1982, Chen Kaige seems likely to become a challenging, '
              'innovative filmmaker of international renown\x85'
              ' Though working in a country noted for its aesthetic, economic '
              'and ideological conservatism, and in a film industry riven with '
              'dissent, he has so far managed to make deeply personal films of '
              'a wide moral and political relevance\x85'
              ' Set in 1939 in the topographically dramatic, culturally '
              'backward province of Shaanxi, Kaige\'s film debut "Yellow '
              'Earth" charts the brief encounter between a Communist soldier '
              'collecting folk songs and a family of villagers trapped by '
              'poverty and age-old feudal traditions\x85'
              "What distinguishes Chen's film, besides its oblique, "
              "metaphorical plot and Zhang Yimou's stunning, largely static "
              'landscape photography, is its acknowledgment of the gulf '
              'between peasants and outsider, of the difficulty, even '
              'impossibility, of enforcing political and social change\x85'
              ' Thus both aesthetically (in terms of its poetry and ambiguity) '
              'and ideologically, Chen was also acknowledging a deep division '
              "of opinion between 'official' history, as propagated by older "
              'Chinese filmmakers, and his own less idealized account of '
              'culture-clash',
 'tt0087703': 'Workers on a wooden raft in a river with buoys, fleeing the '
              'chaos of Cultural Revolution.  Although the river is dangerous, '
              'it was still far safer than life on land, where political '
              'danger are far more deadly.The raft was the only paradise that '
              'was not polluted by the political turmoil, and on its way, '
              'workers picked up several refugees, including the ex-girlfriend '
              'of the captain, and the current husband of the ex-girlfriend, '
              'who was persecuted by Red Guards.  To make matters worse, they '
              'were approaching the most dangerous section of the river and '
              'weather is turning bad, what lies ahead? Can they survive? Can '
              'they escape the political turmoil if they survived the natural '
              'disaster?',
 'tt0087841': 'This movie had created a huge storm in China, not so much '
              'because of the content of the movie, but where it was shot:The '
              'site selected was a provincial natural reserve, which is '
              'equivalent to the protected area for endangered/threatened '
              'species at the state level. Although it is not at '
              'federal/national level, natural reserves like this are still '
              'entitled to every status like those national/federal natural '
              'reserves, and the only difference was that the majority of the '
              'funds are from provincial level, instead of national/federal '
              'level.Under the excuse of economic development, the local '
              'officials ignored the environmental protection law and openly '
              'breaking the law by allowing the natural reserve to be used in '
              'the filming of this movie, so that the local government could '
              'make a big buck.This true story behind the camera resulted in '
              'much greater drama in the real life by triggering series of '
              'debate, but the question was still left unanswered:Half of the '
              'income paid by the movie company were indeed put into funds for '
              'this natural reservation, and the amount is already more than '
              'the annual budget.  The local government claimed that by doing '
              'so, it would make up for the problem of inadequate funding and '
              'thus protecting the natural reserve better.  However, most '
              'people believed that such practice is actually destructive '
              'because it ruined the natural environment first, and the '
              'rebuild later would never be able to return the natural reserve '
              'to its original state.The dilemma is still lingering in China '
              'long after it first appeared by the shooting of this movie and '
              'there is still not a perfect answer.',
 'tt0087961': 'Let us face it: even today, the political condition of China is '
              'not as same as that of west, not mentioning the fact that this '
              'movie was made nearly two decades earlier, when China was far '
              'less liberal than today.It is therefore understandably that the '
              'movie neglected the significance fact that the protagonist is '
              'the granddaughter of a famous official of the Imperial Court, '
              'Zen Guo-Fan, who served the empire loyally until his death, '
              'including suppressing numerous peasant uprising for the empire, '
              'such as Tai-Ping rebellion, Nian-rebellion, and etc., stablized '
              'the empire and pushed its ultimate collapse for half a '
              'century.  It is a great irony that the granddaughter was among '
              'the group that overthrown the empire, which the grandfather '
              'helped to stablize.',
 'tt0087992': 'humanity endures.  Life is not easy, and it took a strong '
              'personality to face all of its challenge.  There was no social '
              'services to look for because there was none in China, and one '
              'must fight the difficulties in life on his and her own.  '
              'Success belong to those who endures.',
 'tt0088426': 'This movie made in the early era of the Chinese reform is not '
              'only an advocate of reform, but also a teacher in that it '
              'teaches how the true capitalism worked.Due to the decades of '
              'political movements in China such as the Cultural Revolution, '
              'the Chinese general public had a misconception about '
              'capitalism, believing that in capitalism, making money is the '
              'most important thing and anything is acceptable, including '
              'cheating, such as selling the food that already expired by '
              'pretending it is fresh and new.This movie did a good job in '
              'pointing out that this is not how capitalism works, you must be '
              'honest to earn the trust of the clients and that is how you '
              'make money.',
 'tt0089335': 'This movie is different than most other Chinese movies made in '
              "the 1980's that advocate reform because all others only "
              'concentrated on the struggle and the success of the reform.This '
              'movie, however, gives an accurate depiction of the fact that '
              'not every reform attempt is successful, and in the painful '
              'transition, there are more failures at the beginning than '
              'successes.Another unique point this movie made was that the '
              'impact of reform is not merely economical, it is social as '
              'well.  The clashes between the old and the new could tear '
              'family apart, as this movie has depicted, and the new families '
              'can be born in the new era as well.',
 'tt0089389': 'This movie is masterful social criticism in that it criticizes '
              'both the past and the present, something that is difficult to '
              'accomplish.As the result of the Cultural Revolution, some old '
              'type of folk arts such as the one described in this movie '
              'becomes increasingly rare, but in the era of market reform, '
              'everyone is interested in making money and folk arts that has '
              'great social/historical/artistic values but could not make big '
              'bucks are faced with extinction because nobody wants to learn '
              'it.This movie plays a positive role in alerting the public '
              'about the endangered ancient folk arts.',
 'tt0089788': 'This movie is should be classified in the category of '
              'Fantasy/Family.This movie is unique in Chinese film industry in '
              "that it is based on the ethnic minorities' folk legend that "
              'circulates in the southwestern part of China.  Most other '
              'Chinese films of similar type is based on the folk legend of '
              'Han.  Wish that more movies of this type will appear in '
              'exploring the rich cultural heritage of ethnic minorities in '
              'China.',
 'tt0089864': "Sacrificed Youth was recently shown at Berkeley,California's "
              'Pacific Film Archive in a somewhat worn 35mm print, as part of '
              'a series of movies curated by visiting Chinese artist Yang '
              'Fudong, this work from 1985 by a woman director, about the '
              'Cultural Revolution era, was one that he says influenced him. '
              'It is part of a cycle of stories about young people from the '
              'cities being forced to labor in the countryside with peasants, '
              'how they dealt with their struggle, and how they often came to '
              'look back on this time as a moving experience in their lives, '
              'from which they learned as they adapted to the customs of the '
              "rural communities. Several others are Joan Chen's Xiu Xiu The "
              'Sent Down Girl, and the adaptation of the book Balzac And The '
              'Little Chinese Seamstress. These stories risk the danger of '
              "romanticizing the repressive side of Mao's policies as when one "
              'is young (and often as in Sacrificed Youth there is a romance '
              'involved) one tends to sentimentalize such a formative time '
              'later (I am reminded of my mother telling me that the years she '
              "spent in Italy in the mid 1930's, going into the country with "
              'other girls her age as part of a Fascist youth group, were '
              "among the happiest in her life.) It's interesting in this "
              'regard that Sacrificed Youth was released during the last years '
              'of the East German government, under the title Das War Eine '
              'Schoene Zeit (That Was A Beautiful Time.) Nonetheless director '
              'Zhang Nuanxin achieves a high degree of realism, The language '
              'of the Dai people in the southwestern Yunnan area- they are '
              'related to Laotians- is used, with a Mandarin subtitle '
              'translation.Some surprising details, such as the heroine being '
              'told she will be better liked if she dresses up and tries to '
              'make herself pretty, rather than staying in her drab pant suit, '
              'ring true. The cinematographers capture beautiful images of the '
              'misty landscape,and the light in the afternoon on an oxcart '
              'slowly moving down a road, even if a couple of times they fall '
              'back on distracting zooms. This is a film worth checking out, '
              'and it makes one curious to see more by this director.',
 'tt0089916': "I can't believe I'm the first one to review this gorgeous "
              'movie! The colours, the camerawork, the composition, all are '
              'absolutely exquisite, even in my cheap vhs copy.The story is '
              'set in about 1930, seemingly in Shanghai or some other big, '
              'cynical Chinese city. Su Fang (Fang Shu) totally dominates the '
              'movie in her role as Chen Bailu, the lady who is forced by '
              'poverty to leave her poet husband and become a courtesan, '
              'living unhappily among riches. Her training is to display joy '
              'and pleasure at all times, even though this is only an act for '
              'the benefit of customers. What really shatters her complacency '
              'is the coming of a new, very young, employee who is both '
              'frightened and angry...and lacks the social graces necessary to '
              'survive. Chen Bailu cares enough for this new girl to pretend '
              "that she's her adopted daughter, and her death comes as a "
              'terrible blow.The plot details can be difficult to follow; but '
              'much of the meaning can be found in the contrast between the '
              'beautiful images of the "smart people" and the painful lives '
              'they lead.Apparently the novel by Yu Cao is considered a '
              'Chinese classic and has been done several times, but it is '
              'difficult to see how anyone could do a better job than this.See '
              "this movie, it's a rare and beautiful experience!",
 'tt0090303': 'The movie had a sad story, as sad as its heroine.The movie '
              'originally run about 140 minutes.  However, due to the protest '
              "of Fu Jie (Fu Yi's younger brother), the movie was cut short, "
              'and some key sequences were lost during the cut.  But still '
              'this is a very good movie. Both Pan Hong and Jian Wen are in '
              'top form here.',
 'tt0090340': "description of Chinese characters (mostly in People's "
              'Liberation Army) in the 1979 Sino-Vietnam Border Clash.  Based '
              'on the novel of the same name, which was also produced as a '
              'play, radio and TV show.Extremely popular in China in that the '
              'author accurately depicted the corruption in the regime.  The '
              'son of a high ranking female official who joined the rank '
              'before the communist take over was in the unit that were to be '
              'sent to the front, and the female official was able to get '
              'through the often inefficient system, reaching the headquarter '
              'of the army commander to ask him not to sent her son to the '
              'front.  This not only enraged the army commander in the movie, '
              'but also the audience who experienced the corruption in real '
              'daily live of Chinese people.Nearly twenty years ago when the '
              'political situation of China is far less liberal than what it '
              'is now, there was rarely any chance for public to criticize the '
              'government, and the reason why this movie was so popular was '
              'that it showed what people wanted to say through the mouth of '
              'army commander in the movie, critisizing the corruption.The '
              'author of the original novel got away with it because he was a '
              "member of People's Liberation Army and in his novel, there was "
              'a happy ending: the son who finally lived upto the expectation '
              'and there were good cadres like the army commander, who did the '
              'right thing by sending the son to the front, along with his own '
              'son, who died in the war.',
 'tt0090832': 'This movie is a much more realistic reflection on the '
              'experience of German technical experts in China and their '
              'Chinese colleagues than the movie Black Cannon Incident (Hei '
              'Pao Shi Jian) made in the same year.The West German engineer '
              'and his Chinese friends had a better fate than their '
              'counterparts in Black Cannon Incident (1986), and furthermore, '
              'their clashes due to cultural misunderstanding, as well as '
              'their joys were accurately reflected in this movie.  In this '
              'movie, many bad practices of Chinese vendors are also honestly '
              'reflected, for example, for the same product and service, '
              'charging foreigners a price that is several times higher what '
              'they usually charge for the domestic Chinese residents, but '
              'very unfortunately, such bad practice still exists today.',
 'tt0090895': '"The Big Parade" concerned the training of military cadets for '
              'the National Day Parade\x85'
              ' Again, Chen set himself apart from the gung-ho propaganda of '
              'most Chinese military films to focus on the personal sacrifice '
              'involved in allegiance to a regimented army (and, by '
              'implication, to China itself); again, his methods were '
              'inventive and original\x85'
              ' Visually, military conformism was conveyed in static, '
              'formalized images of the trainees as an homogeneous mass, while '
              'more private emotions were evoked by the less abstract mobile '
              'shots of teeming barracks life; aurally too, frequent '
              "voice-overs testified to the soldiers' various inner doubts "
              'concerning the cost, and worth, of national unity\x85'
              ' Indeed, the desire for independence and freedom of thought is '
              "central to Chen's work, both thematically and in terms of its "
              'uncompromising style',
 'tt0090907': 'After hearing Martin Scorsese declare Horse Thief as the #1 '
              'film of the 90s (actually released in 1987) when co-hosting the '
              'annual "Best of" show with Roger Ebert, I set out to see this '
              'film.  Luckily, there was a copy available in the library.  '
              'Unfortunately, the library would not allow me to take it home.  '
              'So, I was stuck watching this film on a 10 inch screen '
              'television in a cramped cubicle with uncomfortable headphones '
              'crushing my ears.  Obviously, this was not the way that Tian '
              "intended his film to be viewed.Tian Zhuangzhuang's third "
              'feature, Horse Thief, is essentially dialogue-free and is '
              'rather slim on plot.  The film is reminiscent of the silent-era '
              'when directors were capable of manipulating the camera to '
              'communicate their desired idea.  Basically, the film centers on '
              'the banishment of Norbu (forcefully personified by Rigzin '
              'Tseshang in an astonishing debut), a local horse thief, and his '
              'wife and son.  Norbu gives up stealing horses for his wife and '
              'sets out to find a more respectable profession.  When times get '
              'rough, Norbu is confronted with the reality that he must steal '
              'again to save his family from the harsh, unforgiving '
              "winter.Tian's film has a striking realistic quality to it that "
              'plays like a documentary.  In one scene, we are given the '
              'chance to watch a ritualistic ceremony designed to please the '
              'mountain god.  While this scene evokes awe, some scenes may be '
              'seen as quite offensive.  For example, Norbu comes up behind an '
              'unsuspecting lamb and slits its throat.  The viewer is forced '
              'to watch the animal writhe and thrash agonizingly struggling '
              'for its last breaths.  This scene, although I cannot deny its '
              'accuracy and technical beauty, is distressing to watch.  The '
              'reality of this scene is not achieved through use of mechanical '
              'animals and fake blood; it is achieved by the actual killing of '
              'a lamb for the production of this film.  Aside from this '
              "painfully unpleasant section, Tian's cinematic mastery is "
              'thoroughly evident.Because of the deficient viewing conditions, '
              "I was only able to catch a glimpse of Tian's overwhelmingly "
              "glorious cinematography: Norbu dolefully places his son's dead "
              'body in the middle of a snow-covered meadow for the gods to '
              "take.  In deep focus, the camera slowly reveals Norbu's utter "
              'aloneness and emptiness.  In this one shot, Tian has created '
              'cinematic perfection.',
 'tt0091190': 'There\'s a lot to see and enjoy in "The Black Cannon Incident", '
              'but two things are particularly interesting: firstly, the '
              'political satire and symbolism, while somewhat guarded, is some '
              'of the most scathing ever to reach cinemas in mainland China - '
              'it may not always seem like much to Western viewers, but when '
              'viewed in the context of, for example, other "post-socialist" '
              'films like those of Eastern Europe, it is considerable.The '
              'second aspect of the movie that makes it really worth seeing is '
              'its bizarre aesthetic qualities - in this film and '
              '"Dislocation", Huang Jianxin uses an industrial setting and '
              "discordant music to symbolize visually China's awkward "
              'transition into modern Western-style life and the clash of '
              'cultures that eventuate.  In this and later movies, Huang picks '
              'up on seemingly minor details which, under his control, seem to '
              'develop much deeper meanings.On the other hand, it should be '
              'stressed that this is a first film for Huang Jianxin - he later '
              'refined his film-making considerably.  The performances are '
              'good, and the idea behind the film is excellent, but the basic '
              'storytelling lags behind a bit - the endless meetings and '
              'circular conversations may be historically and symbolically '
              "realistic, but they don't really excite an audience.  If you're "
              "prepared to sit through a few dull parts, it's a very "
              'interesting viewing experience both for Chinese and '
              "foreigners.  It's a pity that Huang's plans to collaborate "
              'further with German actors fell through.',
 'tt0091377': 'After his stunning photography work in "Yellow Earth" Zhang '
              'Yimou shows he can work in enclosed spaces just as well as open '
              'fields. Also, this film shows Zhang Yimou in his first acting '
              'role.This film fits in well with first runs of the 5th '
              'generation directors, and is dire need of a good transfer to '
              'dvd. In a large part, this film is very much in tune with '
              'propaganda films coming out of cCina at the time, but this '
              'story of lost love found and sacrifice for the community maps '
              'well to international filmgoers.After "Yellow Earth" capital '
              'began to flow at an increased rate into the Chinese film '
              'industry, and this piece is one that should not be forgotten. '
              'Sandwiched between two great films photographed by Zhang Yimou, '
              '"Yellow Earth" and "Red Sorghum", any fan of his work will not '
              'be left disappointed.',
 'tt0092247': 'I ran across this movie late at night on the Independent Film '
              'Channel and was utterly under its sway within minutes. The '
              'story of the young girl/woman who spends her youth as a '
              'caretaker for her future husband is heartbreaking. The cyclical '
              'nature of cultural traditions is explored in a very '
              'straightforward manner, but the beautiful, static scenes '
              'puntuating the different acts of the movie are a wonderfully '
              'poetic touch.',
 'tt0092706': "I saw this in Japan in 1989 and it still haunts me. I couldn't "
              'understand but few of the Japanese subtitles, and what little '
              'English dialog there was at the beginning was ludicrous: '
              'obviously written by a non-English speaker.The story portrays '
              'an American soon after WWII who ends up, not of his own will, '
              'living a good length of time among South-East Asian or South '
              'China hill tribes. There occurs a fascinating gradual '
              'acculturation/assimilation.The images: colors; native costumes; '
              'different ways of living and behavior to what we consider '
              'normal; remote peoples; dramatic incidents; the "human" '
              'element, all fascinate.',
 'tt0093007': 'The contemporary Chinese war history, that is.The literal '
              'translation of the title of the movie actually is: the years '
              'far from war.  This exact literal translation / original title '
              'is far more appropriate than the simple far from war, which can '
              'create the false impression of war is going on right now, but '
              'the people in the story are somewhere distant from the war.  '
              'The original title of this movie and the exact literal '
              'translation provided here is far better because it accurately '
              'reflects what is in the movie, namely, the passing of an old '
              "era and the current generation's original indifferent and "
              'ignorance about the war, and their eventual understanding and '
              'appreciation of the war veterans, as well as the generational '
              'gaps between the old veteran and his children.  The film crew '
              'really needs to find somebody who can translate better if they '
              'hope to venture into international market.',
 'tt0093133': 'In "King of the Children," the tale of a young man, exiled '
              'during the Cultural Revolution to Yunnan and chosen (despite '
              'his own minimal education) to teach a class of semi-literate '
              'peasant children who are accustomed to learning by memory only, '
              '(without intelligent understanding and assimilation) becomes a '
              'quiet but heartfelt portrait of the development of individual '
              'consciousness in a land suppressed by economic, cultural and '
              'social poverty\x85'
              ' The teacher, of course, is finally dismissed for neglecting '
              'the official curriculum\x85'
              " But Chen's recognition of his country's need to revitalize "
              'itself through changes which still allow for the spiritual '
              'traditions of pre-Communist China, is gloriously manifested in '
              'the final liberating, dreamlike shots of a forest in flames, '
              'dead wood being destroyed to free an ancient and beautiful '
              'landscape\x85'
              'Along with other young filmmakers, Chen is instrumental in the '
              'creation of a new, politically and artistically invigorating '
              'Chinese cinema, far removed from simplistic melodrama and '
              'martial arts escapism\x85'
              ' While he continually runs the risk of being marginalized, or '
              'even prevented from working, by pressures of censorship and '
              'bureaucracy, he has already proved himself a filmmaker of great '
              'imagination, intelligence, courage, and influence',
 'tt0093206': 'Red Sorghum will delight those that enjoy the art of '
              'cinematography.  This visually stunning film truly deserves its '
              'international acclaim simply because of the way it presents the '
              'tale through its remarkable use of imagery, lighting, and '
              'filters.Until I saw this film, I would have never thought that '
              'one could say so much about character, setting, mood and plot '
              'simply through the use of layout and image composition.  This '
              "controversial film set in the 1920's - 1930's, by the "
              'rebellious Zhang Yimou, follows the life of sorghum wine '
              'farmers from Northern China.If you follow the history of '
              'Chinese film, you will see how nicely this film combines '
              "motif's of many of its precursor films.  Chinese history and "
              'culture has been vastly explored through many Chinese films, '
              'however I believe that this is a good film for the average '
              'American film goer to get a taste of the Chinese film industry '
              'and culture through their perspective.  I say this for a '
              'variety of reasons, the pacing of this drama is quicker and '
              'faster moving compared to other related Chinese films before '
              'its time. Generally Chinese film have a tendency to be slow, '
              'when set aside the general American preferred standards.It '
              'presents to us some of the Northern Chinese cultural '
              'traditions. Its display of the Japanese brutality could not '
              'have been better presented.  The Japanese have been quite '
              'swinish during this period in Chinese history. All I can say is '
              'it says it all as it really was, very well indeed.This is the '
              'last but most important reason to watch this film... look at '
              'its cinematography.  It has to be among the best I have ever '
              'seen.  It amazed me to see how resourceful a cinematographer '
              'can be when working for a film of little budget.  Yimou showed '
              'me how simple things can be filmed to be works of art.  '
              'Unfortunately I have not been able to see the film in its '
              'original cinematic scope however, even in full screen it is '
              'still quite visually stunning.  The aperture, f-stop and lens '
              'settings were set just perfectly giving the film a very rich '
              'vibrant look making Yimou my favorite Chinese film '
              'cinematographer/director of all time to date.  Oh, it is a film '
              'that you just have to see for yourself! Hope you enjoy it! '
              'Happy Viewing!',
 'tt0093844': 'Ren Gui Qing (roughly translated as Human, Ghost and love) is '
              'called the first Chinese feminism film. Why so, there are many '
              'reasons, such as its protagonist being a woman and its '
              'autobiographic style which feminism writings always have. More '
              'importantly this film depicts a soul, dislocated in a '
              'rigorously classified society, can only find sympathy and '
              'comfort in her projected self on the stage. It happens that '
              'this soul is a woman and perhaps not so surprising, her '
              'self-projection is Zhong Kui, a masculine spirit of low rank in '
              'Chinese mythology.The film is basic on a true story. The '
              'actress acts her real life. Being a little girl,she was bred as '
              'a boy to survive in a local traditional opera company. When she '
              'grew up, she was compelled to have a marriage without love and '
              'her once true love led to betrayal and suffering. She found no '
              'position in that male dominated society. In dream, she '
              'encountered Zhong Kui, the ghost hunter whom she famously acts '
              'in theatre, they had a bitter dialogue.What fascinating about '
              'this film is its allegoric aspect, it could be about a woman, a '
              'precious art tradition, or any individual. They are all '
              'situated in a peculiar society and have problematic existence. '
              'Its abundant images of traditional arts, vivid portrayal of '
              'Chinese lives and depiction of inner world, make itself a '
              'valuable document of Chinese thoughts in 1980s.The music is '
              'quite interesting, it is really surprising to hear tunes from '
              'traditional opera played on piano, surrounded by texture of '
              'orchestra. The profound association with old Chinese operatic '
              'art is a major feature here. Saying Chinese films as such, '
              'people usually think about those by Zhang Yi-mou and Chen '
              'Kai-ge. Yet this film surpass theirs. Without pretence, it '
              'touches you in a comfortable way. I hope this film not '
              'forgotten, and reaches more audiences.',
 'tt0093962': 'One of the (if not the) best Chinese martial art epics ever !! '
              'I saw this film and part 2 in one screening). That was about 18 '
              'years ago. I still remember it vividly. As i was heavily into '
              'martial arts myself back then . The film shows china in all its '
              'beauty. It is entirely shot on location . Something that was '
              'quite remarkable in those days before china became just another '
              'capitalist country. What i remember most clearly are a a scene '
              'on the ice. A big battle takes place on the ice and is like '
              "watching a ballet. I've seen dozens of martial arts flicks "
              'since but none comes close to this extravaganza of violence and '
              'beauty. To make a long story short; this is a must see for '
              'anyone into martial arts, Chinese history or the beauty of the '
              'Chinese landscape! So get going !! Git, go! Go en buy or rent '
              "it now! just do it .. it won't bite and you won't regret it! I "
              'promise!',
 'tt0093989': 'What differs this joint Chinese-Hong Kong production from the '
              'rest of the joint Chinese-Hong Kong productions is that this '
              'one is one of the first that a Hong Kong director who was not '
              'pro-China was allowed to have the right to direct in China.   '
              'Previously, only pro-China directors were given such rights, or '
              'at least those directors who were considered by others as '
              'pro-China, for example, Mr. Han-Hsiang Li, the greatest and '
              'most famous director of Hong Kong, whose work was unfortunately '
              "banned in Taiwan during the 1980's because the nationalists "
              'considered him of being too close to communists, even though he '
              'was purely for business.  Although the director in this case '
              'was not as close to China as Mr. Li, he was at least considered '
              'neutral by others.The importance of this movie is hence not in '
              'what it depicts, but in the fact that the permission of being '
              'directed by somebody not close to communist regime symbolized a '
              'tiny, yet important step toward political liberalization.',
 'tt0094386': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the last '
              'madness.This movie, like most Chinese crime movies describing '
              'contemporary Chinese crimes of its time, is based on the true '
              'story that really happened in real life.  However, only the 2nd '
              'half is told, because the government censorship would never '
              'allow the 1st to be told.The truth is that in the era of '
              'reform, other business made rapid economic expansion and '
              'accumulated considerable amount of wealth, but for jails and '
              'law enforcement, there was no way to make such profit, '
              'especially for those in the remote locations that is far from '
              'market. The jail administrators introduced the idea of '
              'accepting criminals\' family\'s "contribution" in exchange to '
              'reduction of sentencing.  Once the central government found out '
              'about this, such practice was banned but the money the family '
              '"contributed" cannot be returned and for those who cannot be '
              'released early like those before the ban, they were enraged and '
              'hence, the escape of convicts, like the one described here in '
              'this movie.Obviously, one cannot expect anything to be passed '
              'by the governmental censorship so only the second half of story '
              'is shown.',
 'tt0095151': 'The literal translation of the title should be: the Price of '
              'Madness. This title is more appropriate because it accurately '
              'describes the mental state of the female protagonist.  People '
              'take laws into their own hand when the legal system lags '
              'behind.',
 'tt0096475': 'Literal translation: Rock & Roll Youth.Their embracing of Rock '
              '& Roll and the resulting life experience is the representation '
              'of China gradually accepting western cultures, a process '
              "started in the 1980's.",
 'tt0096478': 'A film approaching epic status - and with a little better '
              'cinematography, it would surely have made it. As it stands, it '
              'is still a marvelous martial arts story on a grand scale, about '
              'three corrupt kings and the one swordsman who can bring them '
              'down, but who suffers from grief for his murdered family, '
              'alcoholism, and blindness.The craftsmanship is solid, the '
              'performances all very charismatic. the film is steeped in '
              'Chinese culture, and glows warmly with its humanism. The pace '
              'is fairly rapid, political intrigues are never allowed to get '
              'talky, yet remind us of the historical implicates of the tale. '
              'There are enough twists to pulls us along the story-line, and '
              'not too many that we get confused. The story is solidly '
              'anchored in its blind-swordsman and his beggar-acrobat '
              'sidekick, who also provides us with comic relief.And there is '
              'plenty of swordplay-kung-fu, brilliantly - and believably - '
              'choreographed, with very little wire-works.Very entertaining '
              'film that is among the best of its genre, and could have '
              'transcended it with just a little extra thought and effort in '
              'its cinematography. Highly recommended.',
 'tt0097144': 'A vaguely-defined Asian terrorist organization highjacks a '
              'Taiwan airliner and lands it on the Chinese mainland. As the '
              'plane sits on the ground and the hijackers make their demands, '
              'the Beijing and Taibei governments must work together to rescue '
              'the hostages.Every great director comes up with a clunker now '
              "and then, and this is Zhang's. This is a routine action "
              'thriller with lots of Western-style violence and gore, and '
              'probably the only reason Zhang made it was to deliver its '
              'political message of the desirability of mainland-Taiwan '
              'cooperation and eventual reunification. The only justification '
              'I can see for this film was to appease the Chinese government, '
              'which was even then looking over his shoulder. In any event, '
              'this is certainly the most forgettable film Zhang every made '
              'and while it earned a Best Supporting Actress award in China '
              'for Li Gong, it has little else to recommend it.',
 'tt0097461': "This is set in a village of fishermen wives can't stay with (or "
              'sleep with their husbands) because of the dangers of the '
              'lifestyle for three years. When women succumbs and sleep with '
              'their own or the husbands of others tragedy often follow...or '
              'something like that at least according to the opening '
              'narration, and the film traces just such a tragic tale. '
              'Beautiful (and I do mean it) looking film that looks more like '
              'one of the classics of Russian cinema then a film set in a '
              'Chinese fishing village. The plot, a tragic romance came '
              'through as muddled due to poor and small English subtitles. Its '
              'a good film but not the sort of thing I need to revisit. 5 out '
              'of 10',
 'tt0097984': "As director Chang Cheh's final film, one would expect a "
              'swan-song of sorts showcasing the very best of what he had '
              'become over his amazing career. While it just misses that mark, '
              'Ninja In Ancient China still entertains with charm and '
              'pleases!Packed with colourful costumes, big battles and '
              'fantastic kung fu fights, Chang returns to one of his most '
              'famous films for inspiration - Five Element Ninjas (Super '
              'Ninjas). This time, the production seems more refined with a '
              'run-of-the-mill storyline and more focus on the kung fu than '
              'insane ninja action. Although made in 1993, you would be '
              "forgiven in thinking this was an early 80's flick. I mean, in "
              'the same year we had classics such as City Hunter and Crime '
              'Story from Jackie Chan, Blade of Fury from Sammo Hung, and the '
              'likes of Hard Boiled the year before from John Woo and Chow Yun '
              'Fat, but still, Chang Cheh stuck with what he knew best... old '
              'school kung fu.And it is because of that, Ninja In Ancient '
              'China manages not to slip into obscurity. The fight scenes are '
              'wonderfully choreographed, with long one-shots, fantastic moves '
              'and are actually pretty up-to-date with other kung fu flicks of '
              "the early 90's. The main star who plays Suen Cheung (not Suen "
              'Cheuk as the synopsis reads) is a great fighter, as is action '
              'choreographer Tung Chi Hwa who plays the films main villain! As '
              'the movie goes on, the fights just get better and of course, in '
              'typical Chang Cheh fashion, ends with hardly any '
              'survivors.While far from perfect, Ninja In Ancient China is '
              'pretty damn good for anyone wanting some amazing kung fu action '
              'with a sprinkle of Chinese ninja thrown in. The Greenfan DVD '
              'release gives us a great widescreen cut of the film, and while '
              'not HD quality, still looks great! The burnt on subtitles are '
              'always fun, and the few extras are okay. Nick Watkins delivers '
              'an informative commentary (although could put you to sleep with '
              'his voice) which is worth listening to on a second watch. '
              "Forgot to say also, musical tones and scores from Jackie Chan's "
              'classic, Project A, can be heard throughout...Overall: Worth '
              'the watch for the fights alone, Ninja In Ancient China is a '
              'great last film from a legend.',
 'tt0097985': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'Cattle Shed.The Cattle Shed is an unique product of the '
              'Cultural Revolution, in which many people were persecuted.  '
              'Sincere anything can be a crime and there were so many '
              'prisoners, jails and labors camps were not enough, so the '
              'cattle shed was used to house prisoners who did not commit '
              'serious crime such as counter-revolutionary crimes.  The '
              'prisoners who are detained in cattle shed are those who '
              'committed minor offenses such as the case of this boy, our '
              'protagonist in the movie, who listened to pop music that was '
              'banned when the Cultural Revolution had started.It is very '
              'difficult, even for those Chinese, particularly the Chinese '
              'equivalent of Y-generation, or to certain extend, even the '
              'Chinese equivalent of X-generation, to understand this movie '
              'because they had not live through that turmoil, and '
              'consequently, this movie should be frequently played in China '
              'to remind people not to let it ever happen again.',
 'tt0098717': 'The story is described in the plot summary, and things like '
              'this did happen in real life. What happened in the movie is the '
              'Chinese version of what had happened two decades ago to '
              'white-Russians who fled to China from revolution, but due to '
              'the traditional Chinese culture, namely, the Confucian '
              'teachings of covering up family scandals for the sake of saving '
              'face, the same thing happened to Chinese was rarely shown.  '
              'This film is a breaking ground marker in that it honestly tells '
              'what happened.',
 'tt0099338': 'The accurate depiction of the first major campaign in Manchuria '
              'in which communist was victorious, but ironically, the '
              'achievement of the commander was ignored and denied until now '
              'simply because the commander was Field Marshall Lin Biao, who '
              'tried unsuccessfully to assassinate Chairman Mao during the '
              'Cultural Revolution of later era.',
 'tt0099339': 'During the Cultural Revolution, Chairman Mao was portrayed as a '
              'military genius made every right decision.  This movie '
              'accurately shows the way he really was: he was not perfect '
              'after all, and in fact, made the wrong decision about the war '
              'and it was his subordinates who argued against him and '
              'corrected the mistake, the Chairman was like just any person.',
 'tt0099340': 'Like Part I of the triology, this part also accurately '
              'portrayed the achievement of Field Marshall Lin Biao, who '
              'persecuted many innocent people during the Cultural Revolution '
              'decades later.  Many of the victims were angry at this part '
              'III, as in part I, because Lin Biao was portrayed as a good '
              'person when describing his achievement.',
 'tt0099902': 'The title character, a peasant sold as a concubine to a cruel '
              'old man, is played by the beautiful Gong Li, one of the great '
              'actresses of our time who followed this brilliant work with '
              'spectacular performances in The Story of Qiu Ju (1991), Raise '
              'the Red Lantern (1992), and Farewell, My Concubine (1993). Li '
              'Wei plays her master, Yang Jin-shan, the childless owner of a '
              "dye mill in the agrarian China of the 1920s. Li Wei's fine "
              'performance combines craftiness with iniquity reminding me a '
              'little of the late great John Huston with scruffy beard. The '
              "third character in the tragic triangle is Jin-shan's nephew, "
              'Yang Tianqing, a modest man who does most of the work in the '
              'dye mill. The pent-up intensity of Li Baotian, who plays '
              'Tianqing, recalled to me at times the work of Ben Kingsley. Ju '
              'Dou falls in love with Tianqing almost by default, and it is '
              'their ill-fated love that leads to tragedy.In some ways this '
              'visually stunning, psychologically brutal film about paternity '
              "and the old social order of China was Director Zhang Yimou's "
              '"practice" for the making two years later of his masterpiece, '
              'the afore mentioned, Raise the Red Lantern, one the greatest '
              'films ever made. The theme of patriarchal privilege is similar, '
              'and in both films Gong Li portrays a young concubine required '
              'to bear a son and heir to a cruel and ageing man of means. Even '
              'though the setting in both films is China in the twenties '
              'before the rise of Communism, both films very much annoyed the '
              'ageing leadership of Communist China and were censured (Ju Dou '
              'was actually banned), ostensibly for moral reasons, but more '
              'obviously because of the way they depicted elderly men in '
              'positions of power. Ju Dou is the lesser film only in the sense '
              'that Sirius might outshine the sun were the two stars placed '
              'side by side. Both films are masterpieces, but for me Ju Dou '
              'was difficult to watch because of the overt cruelty of the '
              'master, whereas in Raise the Red Lantern, Yimou chose to keep '
              'the more brutal aspects of the story off camera. In a sense, '
              'then, Raise the Red Lantern is the more subtle film. It is also '
              'a film of greater scope involving more characters, infused with '
              'an underlining sense of something close to black humor. (The '
              'very lighting of the lanterns was slyly amusing as it '
              'ironically pointed to the subjugation.)In Ju Dou there is '
              'virtually no humor and the emphasis is on the physical '
              'brutality of life under the patriarchal social order. Ju Dou is '
              'beaten and tortured while we learn that Jin-shan tortured his '
              'previous wives to death because of their failure to bear him an '
              'heir. The terrible irony is that it is Jin-shan who is sterile. '
              'He feels shamed in the eyes of his ancestors because the Wang '
              'line will die out with him. But a child is finally born through '
              "Ju Dou's illicit affair with Tianqing. (Note that this "
              "conjoining in effect saves Ju Dou's life.) Jin-shan thinks the "
              'infant is his son and briefly all is serenity. However, while '
              'two may live happily ever after, three will not. Notice too '
              'that now that Jin-shan has an heir, nephew Tianqing will '
              'inherit nothing.Will they kill Jin-shan? Will fortuitous events '
              'put him out of the picture?Will they find happiness? Will the '
              "boy learn the truth about his paternity? Yimou's artistry does "
              'not allow superficial resolution, you can be sure.Note the two '
              'significant turns the film takes early on. One comes after Ju '
              'Dou discovers that Tianqing has been spying on her through a '
              'peep hole as she goes about her bath. At first she is '
              'mortified, and then sees this as a chance to show him the scars '
              'from the torture she endures daily, and then she shows him her '
              'body to allure him. The other turn comes as the child '
              'pronounces his first words by calling the old man "Daddy." '
              'Instantly Jin-shan, now confined to a wooden bucket that serves '
              'as a wheelchair, divines a deep psychological plan to realize '
              'his revenge. He embraces the child as his own, hoping to turn '
              'the boy against the illicit couple.The strength of the film is '
              'in the fine acting, the beautiful sets, the gorgeous camera '
              'work, and in the unsentimental story that does not compromise '
              'or cater to saccharin or simplistic expectations. Yimou is a '
              'visual master who turns the wood gear- and donkey-driven dye '
              'mill of the 1920s into a tapestry of brilliant color and '
              'texture. Notable is the fine work that he does with the two '
              'boys who play the son at different ages. He has them remain '
              'virtually mute throughout and almost autistically cold. Indeed '
              'part of the power of this film comes from the depiction of the '
              'character of the son who grows up to hate who he is and acts '
              'out his hatred in murderous violence toward those around '
              'him.Zhang Yimou is one of the few directors who can bring '
              'simultaneously to the silver screen the power of an epic and '
              'the subtlety of a character study. His films are more beautiful '
              'than the most lavish Hollywood productions and as artistically '
              'satisfying as the best in world cinema. The only weakness in '
              'the film is perhaps the ending which is played like a Greek '
              'tragedy for cathartic effect. One senses that Yimou and '
              'co-director Yang Fengliang in choosing the terminus were not '
              'entirely sure how this tale should end and took what might be '
              'seen as an easy way out.(Note: Over 500 of my movie reviews are '
              'now available in my book "Cut to the Chaise Lounge or I Can\'t '
              'Believe I Swallowed the Remote!" Get it at Amazon!)',
 'tt0101440': 'When one thinks of the term "enlightenment," as least with '
              'regards to cinematic portrayals, the usual images that pop up '
              'are robed monks chanting Buddhist sutras or quoting '
              'mind-imploding Zen insights. But as any good Buddhist can tell '
              'you, the roads to enlightenment are infinite. This particular '
              "old master's path to enlightenment involves the snapping of one "
              'thousand banjo strings. When the last string is broken, the old '
              'man will at last see the truth and be ready to die."Life on the '
              'String" is one of the most enjoyable and bittersweet Chinese '
              "costume epics I've ever experienced. But to label this somewhat "
              'obscure gem as a "costume epic" is a bit of an injustice, given '
              'its highly unusual story.A blind old master of the pipa '
              '(Chinese banjo) and his blind apprentice wander through the '
              'wastes of Western China (Xinjiang), in search of enlightenment '
              'and inspiration. Upon settling in an abandoned hovel, the old '
              'master eagerly anticipates enlightenment and the sweet release '
              'of death, as he is on his 995th string.This film, directed by '
              'the acclaimed director of "Farewell, My Concubine," is perhaps '
              "one of the most magnificently shot films I've ever encountered. "
              'But the most amazing aspect of this film is the music. You KNOW '
              'the old master is indeed a master when he plays his banjo.  His '
              'melancholy, dreamy melodies give this film a genuine dream-like '
              'quality. The English subtitles, which are competently written, '
              'can only hint at the sublime Chinese poetry of his lyrics. The '
              "old man's music can work magic...a type of magic that the "
              'violent world that surrounds him sorely needs.Despite "Life on '
              'a String"\'s deliberate pace, you will be caught up in the '
              "story and its eccentric cast of characters. It's hard not to "
              'get lost in the seemingly endless horizons of the Chinese '
              'deserts and the hypnotic singing of the old master which swells '
              'with a lush symphonic accompaniment when he really needs to '
              "exert his magic. I also found myself feeling the old man's "
              'mounting excitement at his approaching death/enlightenment, as '
              'well as his temptation to sink into despair at this imperfect '
              'world\'s follies.I highly recommend "Life on the String" for '
              'when you\'re in a contemplative, or perhaps "poetic", mood.  '
              'For a film which deals with the theme of death, it is a very '
              'positive and uplifting work, forgoing the usual gloom and doom '
              'aura that often surrounds death. It is a film that cries out '
              'for the stillness of the soul so that one may hear a truth that '
              'can only be expressed in song.',
 'tt0101640': 'This movie has it all, betrayal, conflict and tragedy. I have '
              "to say that I couldn't live without it, effectively anyway. The "
              'political criticisms tear at the spine of the film and the '
              'beauty of it in such an intimate setting is outstanding. The '
              'use of such a rich, three dimensional setting defies what we '
              'have been taught by the mainstream as being beautiful and sets '
              'a standard on a budget that I would love to be aware of, that '
              'all Hollywood movies should aspire to. It shows us that film, '
              'real film that is, does not need $100 million to look good, '
              'rather the combination of a haunting setting in the middle of '
              "vastness and the equally haunting beauty of it's star, Gong Li, "
              "but at it's heart the house itself resembles a claustrophobic "
              'pot, boiling over the surface.This is in my opinion, Zhang '
              "Yimou's greatest film, it is a triumph in film form and "
              'narrative. The haunting sounds of flutes, a significant visual '
              "and audio element that has a mythical quality due to it's "
              'importance to Songlian and becomes an unattainable item of the '
              'gods when it is removed from existence when it is burned, '
              'becoming a tragic reminder on the attempts to vanquish the '
              'personalities of not only Songlian but all of the concubines. '
              "It's slow burning nature may repel the masses but anyone who "
              'can get a copy, do so without fail, you will never regret it. I '
              'cannot stress the importance of this film, we may see it as a '
              'study on the oppression of women in China, but this is '
              'universal, we westerners once did the same thing not too long '
              'ago.For me the cinematography is what sells the film, it is the '
              'best I have ever seen and ever will. If there is ever a film to '
              'promote the use of the three strip technicolour process once '
              'again, this is it. Long after you have finished your post film '
              'analysis, the light from the red lanterns will still be searing '
              'in your eyes.',
 'tt0101641': 'In the previous communist propaganda films, eunuchs, especially '
              "this Empress Dowager's favorite, who held the highest position, "
              'was portrayed as a devil. This film is great in that it breaks '
              'free from the traditional communist ideological restriction, '
              'describing Li Lianying, the protagonist, as the way he was in '
              'real life.  In comparison to his earlier films, such as Horse '
              'Thief (Dao Ma Zei, 1986), the director moved a step further, '
              'but soon he would meet his end in his future work, as in Blue '
              'Kite, which was no longer tolerated by the regime and banned in '
              'China.',
 'tt0102917': 'This film could be described as a "mainland martial arts '
              'movie", but that would probably mislead anybody for who the '
              'term "martial arts movie" is heavily influenced by the Hong '
              "Kong approach to the subject (or the mainland's contribution in "
              "the SHAOLIN TEMPLE series). The movie is more akin to He Ping's "
              'RF, GF but bleaker in tone. A young swordsman travels to Double '
              'Flag town to claim his bride, betrothed to him at birth by his '
              "father and revealed to him on said father's deathbed. Upon "
              "reaching Double Flag, the girl's father is rather dubious about "
              'handing over his daughter to one so young, but invites the chap '
              'to stay with them and work in his horse-head soup '
              'restaurant.Double Flag is not a terribly happy town, being the '
              'regular pillaging place of the "Invincible Swordsman" and his '
              'gang. TIS is a bandit leader famous for always killing with a '
              "single deadly stroke. When the Invincible Swordsman's brother "
              "takes a fancy to the young swordsman's betrothed, he gets to "
              'prove whether or not he has what it takes to protect her as a '
              'husband. He calls on the "Desert Eagle", a braggart swordsman '
              'from nearby, for assistance.SIDFT is more Kurosawa than Tsui '
              'Hark, with a large helping of Sergio Leone thrown in too. The '
              'desert locations and characters permanently covered in muck '
              "have drawn comparisons to THE BLADE and ASHES OF TIME, but it's "
              'nothing like either of those HK movies. ASHES is probably the '
              'closer of those two, but SWORDSMAN IN... has none of the epic '
              "grandeur or high philosophy of Wong Kar-Wai's work. Like "
              "Kurosawa's Yojimbo or Seven Samurai, this is a story of a "
              'village living under terror of bandits in a location miles from '
              "the law. Ping's characters are not given to much philosophy, "
              'just the challenge of getting by without dying.The film is '
              'rather beautiful to watch, with the desert town of Double Flag '
              'being remarkable to behold, carved from sandstone in the '
              'Chinese desert who knows how many centuries ago. Everything in '
              'the film is "gritty" and functional. Ping has certainly seen '
              'his share of HK swordsman films, and the character of Desert '
              "Eagle plays a similar role to Tsui Hark's monk in THE BLADE - "
              "to make fun of the idea that a swordsman's life is all "
              'glamour.  HK action fans will be severely disappointed if '
              "they're expecting wirework and long complicated battle "
              'choreographry. The action here is swift and decisive, an age of '
              'waiting in fear then a swift strike in a flurry of close up '
              "cuts, then we see who's still standing at the end. It's quite "
              'effective in its own way though.SWORDSMAN IN DOUBLE FLAG TOWN '
              'is a well crafted and engaging film, with a wonderful '
              'aesthetic. Well worth watching, as long as you remember that '
              'not every film with "SWORDSMAN" in the title is going to be '
              'like the Tsui Hark/Ching Siu Tung series of that name :-)',
 'tt0103762': 'I first came across this film when I was looking through the '
              "back catalogue of the actor Ge You (from the film 'To Live' "
              "among others). Though he is only a supporting actor, I'm "
              'extremely glad I watched it.Two things stand out about this '
              'film: At the visual level it is stunning. Merchants make long '
              'treks along the bed of the Yellow River that has remained dry '
              'since the Yellow River changed its course 100 years before. The '
              'scenery is wonderfully photographed. The merchants also sing '
              'some superb songs that reflect the nature of their life and '
              'their relationship to the river bed.The plot of the story '
              'follows one of these merchants as a youth, a middle aged man, '
              'and finally an old man. At each of these stages he meets his '
              'nemesis, a brigand (Ge You). The story is itself touching, and '
              'the actors all play their parts well, but it is the singing and '
              'the scenery which remain most firmly in my memory. Beautifully '
              'crafted in every way.',
 'tt0104800': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Mom.This '
              'movie is a combination of cultural introspection in response to '
              'the resurgence of traditional culture, as well as an eulogy '
              'that Chinese mothers well deserved.In the rapid Chinese '
              'economic expansion in the last two decades, there is a '
              'resurgence of traditional Chinese culture, but very '
              'unfortunately, such resurgence does not distinguish between the '
              'virtue and the dross and as a result, the not-so-favorite parts '
              'also comes back to haunt the society, such as the '
              'discrimination against women in the traditional Confucian '
              'teaching. This movie eulogizes the sacrifice the Chinese '
              'mothers have made, their joy and sorrow, and serves as a '
              'reminder to the Chinese public of gender equality.',
 'tt0105197': 'Zhang Yimou\'s "The Story of Qiu Ju" is not a masterpiece as is '
              'his film "Raise the Red Lantern." It doesn\'t have the epic '
              'qualities of "To Live" nor is it as visually stunning as "The '
              'Road Home." But "Qiu Ju" may well be Yimou\'s most thought '
              'provoking film, leaving you pondering the messages a long time '
              "after the film has ended.Qiu Ju's husband has been kicked "
              '("where it counts") by the village chief. The only bit of '
              'justice Qiu Ju wants is an apology. It seems to be a simple '
              'enough request, but her search for the apology proves to be '
              'elusive as she encounters a legal system more interested in its '
              'own red tape than in the needs of ordinary people.But this is '
              'not "Erin Brockovich" where the sides of "good" and "bad" are '
              'easily defined. The people in the legal system Qiu Ju '
              'encounters are genuinely decent folks. They are also, '
              'unfortunately, a bit clueless. And Qiu Ju is not beyond '
              'reproach herself. At the conclusion of the film even she is '
              'realizing that she has pushed the matter too far.Just how far '
              'should one go to seek justice in this world? Even if you are '
              'totally in the right, does there come a time when you must let '
              "the matter rest for your own sake as well as everybody else's? "
              'There are no easy answers.This is another great performance by '
              'Gong Li in the title role. She may be one of the most beautiful '
              'women in the world, but here she is not above playing "dowdy." '
              'And as usual, Zhang Yimou is nearly flawless in his direction. '
              'He gives a wonderful tip of the hat to the late French director '
              'Francois Truffaut in the end, echoing that famous final shot of '
              'Truffaut\'s "The 400 Blows."But this is a film that will stick '
              'with you well past that last shot.',
 'tt0105842': 'DEADEND OF BESIEGERS is an unsung 1992 kung fu film featuring '
              'two top stars of the new wave kung fu revival of the 1980s-90s, '
              'Yu Rong Guang (IRON MONKEY himself) and Cynthia Khan (IN THE '
              'LINE OF DUTY 3, 4 & 5), in strong roles, abetted by superb '
              'writing, expert action staging, spectacular photography and '
              'production design, and an excellent supporting cast. While '
              'there are some wire-enhanced stunts, this is more of a straight '
              'kung fu film along the lines of BLADE OF FURY and FIST OF '
              'LEGEND, rather than a "wire fu" spectacle like DRAGON INN, IRON '
              'MONKEY, TAI CHI MASTER, BUTTERFLY AND SWORD, or SWORDSMAN '
              'II.The plot is quite original and deals with the case of a '
              'Japanese martial artist, Wuwechimato (played by Yu Rong Guang), '
              'who journeys to China to learn Chinese kung fu but finds '
              'himself on board a boat filled with Japanese pirates whose only '
              'mission is plunder and pillage. When he intervenes on behalf of '
              'an adolescent Chinese girl about to be kidnapped, he is '
              'targeted by the pirates while also assumed by the Chinese '
              'villagers to be one of the pirates. Only when the girl hides '
              'him and teaches him some of her language, does he manage to '
              'convince other important villagers of his innocence. However, '
              "it's a long, grueling road to get there and he suffers much "
              'abuse and punishment along the way, even getting nailed shut '
              'into a coffin at one point. But he also gets to learn Dog Fist '
              "style kung fu from Cynthia Khan, as the girl's older sister, "
              'Cui Gu. At some point he is even permitted to train at Shaolin '
              'Temple.Eventually, the Japanese pirates return with the secret '
              'help of a Chinese traitor in the walled city where the '
              'villagers have taken refuge, setting the stage for a rousing '
              'final battle. There are many fights throughout the film, all '
              'staged amidst picturesque locations and settings in Mainland '
              'China, including a towering, multi-storied hilltop temple which '
              'the pirates have taken over as their hiding place. Both stars '
              'are in extremely fine form here and fight each other several '
              'times before teaming up against their Japanese opponents. This '
              'film easily ranks among the best work of each performer. '
              'Cynthia, in particular, is beautifully costumed and made-up '
              'throughout but also gets to participate in the action almost as '
              'much as her co-star, who is also credited as co-director of the '
              'fight scenes.But what gives the film its charm and emotional '
              'pull is the relationship between the spunky young girl, Mao '
              'Tou, and Wuwechimato. She has to keep him hidden, fed and cared '
              'for, and has to pull off a ruse in which he masquerades as her '
              "crazy uncle to disguise the fact that he can't speak the "
              "villagers' language. The two have many scenes together in which "
              'they try to communicate and she ultimately manages (in '
              'suspiciously short order) to teach him enough of her language '
              'to keep him up to speed. A piece of text displayed at the very '
              'end asserts that Wuwechimato went back to Japan and invented '
              'karate.The Japanese-speaking characters, including Wuwechimato, '
              'speak in Japanese. The villagers speak Cantonese or Mandarin, '
              'depending on which language track one chooses on the DVD. '
              'Wuwechimato has a flashback to a scene in Japan in which he was '
              'beaten up on the street by a European fighter (Dale Cook) who '
              'speaks English to him. The DVD also has an English dub track. '
              'The Cantonese track is preferred because the Cantonese voice '
              'performers are more expressive, particularly the voice of the '
              'endearing Mao Tou.',
 'tt0105863': "It's impossible to imagine a worse film. The film gets "
              'everything wrong, from directing, acting, editing, to '
              "production design. It's hard to find out what's happening in "
              'the film and what the film is trying to express. The director '
              'knows nothing about storytelling, and the actors are just '
              'amateurs. Besides, the editing is shitty, and the production '
              'design is awful.All in all, the rating for this movie is simply '
              '0/10.',
 'tt0105895': 'This movie is about the late Chinese premier En-Lai Zhou, whose '
              'name is used as the title of the movie.Mr. Tie-Cheng Wang had '
              'played En-Lai Zhou for many times, but he was forced to retire '
              'due to his age, but thanks to the plastic surgery, Mr. '
              'Tie-Cheng Wang is back in filming again, playing the same '
              'character he was so used to and so good at.In comparison to '
              'other Chinese movies, this movie revealed something that '
              'Chinese government would rather not want to be discussed and '
              'fearing for being banned, the film crew had to prepare two '
              'versions, one original, another edited version without the '
              'stuff that would potentially cause the governmental censorship '
              'to ban the movie.However, somebody got a bright idea: the then '
              'Chinese premier was the raised by En-Lai Zhou so he was invited '
              'to view the original, under the cover of pointing out the '
              'possible flaws of the movie.  The premier cried through the '
              'entire movie and at the end claimed that everything depicted is '
              'exactly like what had happened and praised the film '
              'crew.Obviously the governmental censorship could not do '
              'anything now and this is how the movie revealed something the '
              'Chinese government would rather not to talk about.',
 'tt0105903': 'Likeable characters make you want to enjoy the film, but the '
              'script and costumes makes it difficult.  They have some decent '
              'fight scenes until the armies of Europe and the U.S. appear.  '
              'The sight of occupation troops would be enough for anyone to '
              'fall off the wagon.....especially the drunken tiger.Cheong San '
              'is opposed to the Ching Dynasty and most of the movie centers '
              'on him and his betrothed battling with government officials.  '
              'For me the film took a dive once the officials fled and Cheong '
              'San and his followers were left to face the occupation troops.I '
              "also didn't know that the military forces in 1898 were so "
              'skilled in kung-fu.  Like often happens in HK films....overkill '
              'sets in.  This must be a series as the DVD case tells us to '
              'collect all three and the ending would indicate a '
              "continuation.It wasn't that bad of a B-movie.....just as long "
              "as you don't expect more.",
 'tt0106332': 'I finally got a chance to see "Farewell my Concubine."  I\'d '
              'been anxious to see it since its initial release in 1993.  It '
              'surprised me in its depth and technical skill.Three points make '
              'this film outstanding.  The first is the technical skill of the '
              'director and the luscious taste of the director of photography. '
              'The entire film is a feast for the eyes, taking full advantage '
              'of elaborate costumes and exotic locations.  The second '
              'strength is in the actual storytelling.  The plot is a '
              'fascinating tragedy, it feels almost Shakespearean.  The acting '
              "is nothing short of incredible.  Some of China's finest actors "
              'demonstrate their ability to carry a story that covers 52 '
              'years.  Normally, these two strengths alone would be reason '
              'enough to see a film, but "Farewell my Concubine" succeeds in '
              'satisfying one more category (the bain of any epic): historical '
              'accuracy."Farewell my Concubine" is exceptionally accurate in '
              'portraying the monumental changes that were sweeping China at '
              "the time.  The film doesn't just treat these events as "
              'background events, but drags them right into the plot and pins '
              'the characters into their surroundings.  This is interesting '
              'when you consider that the story takes place in the Peking '
              'Opera, not the most likely place for these events to have '
              'effect.  Instead, as we see the new China emerge, we watch '
              'these vestiges of old society fall, and the work of all '
              'involved make this transition an achievement to behold.  The '
              'power of this film was not missed by Chinese censors who '
              'banned, removed, and then banned the film again several times '
              'over -debating whether or not its artistic brilliance was worth '
              'subversive portrayals of suicide and homosexuality.  Unlike '
              '"The Last Emperor," this film was made by Chinese film makers '
              'and is in tune with its subject.  I recommend this film '
              'highly!As one last note, the version I saw was a DVD containing '
              'the original 170 minute version of the film, in its wide-screen '
              'splendor.  From what I understand, the shorter versions '
              'released internationally deleted and shortened some opera '
              'scenes for fear that they would be lost on Western audiences.  '
              'Having no prior experience with any Peking Opera, I found the '
              'scenes fascinating and integral to appreciating the entire '
              'story.  Spend the extra time if you can.',
 'tt0106378': 'The following information is from the Cui Jian website: BEIJING '
              'BASTARDS Synopsis Defying traditional narrative and the linear '
              'plot, BEIJING BASTARDS presents a series of episodes from the '
              'seemingly aimless lives of a group of young people in '
              'contemporary China.The main protagonist is Karzi, a young owner '
              'of a small live-band pub. His pregnant girlfriend, Maomao, '
              'disappears after they quarrel one rainy night. Karzi searches '
              'for her in vain.There is also Cui Jian (played by Cui Jian) and '
              "his rock'n'roll band which over the last few years has had all "
              'applications for public concerts rejected. Now they are faced '
              'with losing the only rehearsal room available to them because '
              'the owner has decided to terminate their lease without '
              'explanation.Daqing, a jobless writer, volunteers to help his '
              'painter friend, "Yellow", to track down a con-man who has '
              'swindled the latter out of a sum of money. Daqing offers a '
              '30-yuan reward to shady character to locate the con-man. But '
              'instead of forming an alliance, the two get into a fight and '
              'end the dinner.Frustrated and failing to find Maomao, Karzi '
              'starts hassling her girlfriends, to the point of forcing one of '
              'them to have sex with him. He indulges in marijuana and in his '
              'fantasies witnesses Maomao having an abortion.In the course of '
              'the film we see people roaming about, always in search of '
              'something. By the end of the film, Cui Jian composes a new song '
              'entitled, TOLERATE; Karzi shaves his head; and Daqing fails to '
              'raise 30 yuan. In the dark corridor of a deserted building, '
              'Karzi finally sees Maomao. She has given birth to a baby. In '
              'the distance, Karzi seems to hear it cry\x85'
              'About The Film BEIJING BASTARDS is the first truly independent '
              'film made in China. With the help of the Hubert Bals Fund of '
              'the Rotterdam Film Festival, the project was able to go into '
              'production in early 1992. Production money was derived from the '
              'personal resources of its four producers, Cui Jian, Zhang Yuan, '
              'Shu Kei, and Christopher Doylre. Zhang Yuan graduated from the '
              'Beijing Film Academy in 1989 and directed a series of Cui Jian '
              'music videos for MTV, one of which was lensed by Christopher '
              'Doyle. Doyle collaborated with Hong Kong filmmaker, Shu Kei, on '
              "the latter's directorial feature, SOUL (1986). It was only "
              'natural that the four of them would eventually join hands to '
              'produce BEIJING BASTARDS.Principal photography for the film '
              'took place entirely in Beijing over 12 months. Shooting was '
              'often suspended due to lack of money. Post-production of the '
              'film was completed in June 1992 and was made possible with a '
              'grant from the French Ministry of Culture.Ever since BEIJING '
              'BASTARDS, other independent films have emerged in China - the '
              'products of a whole new breed of independent and experimental '
              'Chinese filmmakers.',
 'tt0106532': 'When China begun to embrace capitalism, many had the wrong idea '
              'and as a result, the market was full of poor-quality and fake '
              'products and every vendor with such junk lied to customers in '
              'order to sell the junk.  This film of political satire was both '
              'critical and sarcastic about this and the lie detector was used '
              'to achieve its goal.',
 'tt0106602': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'family that lacks manners.This movie is a masterpiece of '
              'personal liberalization of a different kind. In China, most '
              'topics regards personal liberalization is associated with '
              'breaking the rigid governmental rules.  However, equally rigid '
              'was the dross of the traditional Confucian teaching such as the '
              'burden of saving face, carrying on family names, and keeping '
              'the family scandals/crimes secret in order to keep the good '
              'family reputation.This movie does an excellent re-evaluation '
              'and criticism on the dross of the traditional Confucian '
              'teachings that limits personal liberty just as much as the '
              'outdated governmental rules have done.',
 'tt0106617': 'To begin with, teaching was not a highly paid profession in '
              'China, although it was a highly respected profession, '
              'relatively speaking.  In the rapid economic expansion in China '
              'since the introduction of the reform, the schools, especially '
              'those for primary and secondary education, did not benefit, '
              'yet, there are teachers who are still full of dedication and '
              'care.',
 'tt0106643': 'This movie deserve a perfect ten because it accurately '
              "portrayed the problem of study abroad.Ever since the 1980's, "
              'the trend of studying abroad never subside. However, the long '
              'term separation caused serious strain on relationships and this '
              'movie accurately depicts this common problem faced by the '
              'families of those Chinese went abroad.',
 'tt0106771': 'Dragons of the Orient is less a documentary and more a montage '
              'of Kung Fu exhibition films thrown together.  In between the '
              'Kung Fu clips the narrators of the film, a man claiming to be '
              "Jet Li's sparring partner and a woman claiming to be a "
              'newspaper reporter lead us on a selective tour of China, '
              "comment on the Kung Fu stars we're about to see, and try to "
              'outdo each other with their own Kung Fu moves.The only acting '
              'in the film comes from the narrators, and in the dubbed version '
              "it comes off contrived, cheesy and overdone.  If you've ever "
              'watched "The Simpsons", the narrators can be likened to Troy '
              'McClure in the documentary films Phil Hartman served as '
              'narrator for.  They put a lot of ideas out there, and never '
              'really tie any of them together; at the end of the film the '
              'narrators try to conclude by putting conviction into the tone '
              'of their voice, while not really saying anything worthy of '
              'wrapping up a film/documentary.As for the Kung Fu displayed in '
              "this movie it's often boring.  We're treated to clip upon clip "
              'from the 1970s and 1980s of Martial Artists honing their craft '
              'solo, with an occasional light sparring with a partner thrown '
              "in every now and again.  I'm not a fan of solo action as the "
              "air you're hitting doesn't hit back; this film had me bored "
              'throughout most of it.There are a few points in this film that '
              "make it almost worth watching. If you're a fan of Jet Li you "
              'might be interested in watching the stock footage of him as a '
              'youngster demonstrating his kung fu skills with his friends and '
              "solo. There's some nice on location shots of the Great Wall of "
              'China, and a Shaolin temple which might appeal to people '
              'interested in Chinese history.Only 2 scenes of kung fu in this '
              'movie entertained me.  The first was a man using a "duck style" '
              'of Kung Fu.  The style is quite whimsical and unorthodox, at '
              'times looking more like a dance routine that should be done to '
              '"Disco Duck".   The second scene that was impressive was Jet Li '
              "doing a drunken sword solo routine.  I've always been a fan of "
              'the drunken style and using a sword makes it all the more '
              'impressive.  Jet Li pulls off the Drunken style quite well, I '
              'am surprised he has used it so sparingly in his Hong Kong '
              'released films.Overall this movie is pretty boring, '
              "ocassionally you'll find yourself watching an interesting "
              'performer or interesting scenery.  Bad narration spliced '
              'between old kung fu footage makes for a very poor documentary. '
              '2/9 stars.',
 'tt0106772': 'This is a lovely adaptation of the Dream of the Red Chamber, '
              "China's greatest classical novel. It has been compared - often "
              'unfairly, to its detriment - to the great 1987 CCTV TV series '
              'adaptation which was screened just a year ago before this long '
              'movie (765 minutes) hit the cinema. But this movie has '
              'strengths of its own, especially in adapting some episodes '
              'which was neglected in the TV series. So the whole movie starts '
              'in the Land of Illusion, from chapter 5 of the novel, which was '
              'quite exotic and beautifully done.Comparing the two '
              'adaptations, I think what sets the two adaptations apart is in '
              'the role of the male protagonist. Unfortunately, the 1988-9 '
              'film prefers to use a woman in drag for the role (which was a '
              'practice of Chinese operas, to make sure the male and female '
              'leads do not develop romantic feelings for each other). It does '
              'not really work in the movie - Qia Qing was good and decent but '
              'at no time do you forget she is really a woman. She was no '
              'substitute for Ouyang Fengqiang in the TV series, a perfect Jia '
              'Baoyu. However, both the Lin Daiyu and Xue Baochai are '
              'excellent, the Lin Daiyu surpassing in grace and beauty though '
              "Chen XIaoxu better portrays the character's wittiness and "
              'melancholy.) Fu Yiwei is very pretty and makes an outstanding '
              'Xue Baochai, though I marginally prefer Zhang Li for being just '
              "as beautifully but a bit more prim and proper. Deng Jie's 1987 "
              "Wang Xifeng trumps Liu Xiaoqing's movie portrayal however. An "
              'unsung heroine is Tanchun, whom I feel is superior in acting '
              'skills to the actress in the TV series.In short, I think the '
              'casting of the 1987 version is superior to the 1988 movie '
              'adaptation, but if you stop comparing the two you will discover '
              'the strengths of the cinematic version. It is in general very '
              'faithful and affecting, even though I really dislike the '
              'Cheng-Gao ending, with excellent acting skills. This movie is '
              'certainly very long, but this can only be a good thing if you '
              'are watching the film because of the book. The colors of the '
              "print I watched wasn't perfect, but I can imagine the "
              'resolution and color to surpass that of the TV series if China '
              'were to restore this in 4K. And I really hope they do.',
 'tt0106937': 'This is one of the best Jet Li films that I have saw. It ranks '
              "up there with 'Once Upon A Time In China' series. The fight "
              'sequences are breath taking and the acting is top quality. This '
              'is how a good historical film should be made. With humour, '
              'action, romance, etc. Not only Jet Li was superb but the whole '
              'cast too. 10 out of 10.',
 'tt0107158': 'Gong Li, as Pan Yuliang, and Zhang Yimou, as "Supervisor", add '
              'their prestige to this film by woman director Huang Shuqin.  It '
              'seems than many film productions have been planned in China, '
              'too many stressing the lurid brothel background of the '
              'artist.This film dramatizes the turbulent life of Pan Yuliang '
              '(1899-1977), the first Chinese woman artist to be recognized in '
              'Europe.\n'
              'Faced with the dismal future as a prostitute, Yuliang (Gong '
              'Li), a maid in a brothel, suddenly finds refuge/ happiness with '
              'well-bred/ compassionate Pan Zanhua (Er Dongsheng), a customs '
              'official.  In an attempt to quell gossip he makes her his '
              'second wife.  Yet, they are forced to move to Shanghai where he '
              'teaches her to read and write and introduces her to Hong, a '
              'Western style painter.  She shows talent in painting nudes at '
              'the Shanghai Art Institute, until it is closed by prudish '
              'authorities.\n'
              'Unable to bear a son for Zanhua, Yuliang encourages him to '
              "`return' to his first wife (Shen Hairong).  She then goes to "
              'France on a government art scholarship. (She actually received '
              "top scores at the Nat'l Art School in Paris and then received a "
              'Rome scholarship.) After several years, she has gained peer '
              'recognition.In Nanjing, Yuliang is welcomed back by Zanhua and '
              'idolized by art students as a professor of art in the National '
              'Central University.  Her happiness is short-lived when her work '
              'is discredited because of her brothel background and by a China '
              'not ready for Western Art.  She and   Zanhua make the '
              'heart-breaking decision to separate.Yuliang returns to Paris to '
              'remain for decades in poverty, totally devoted to art.  Her '
              'culminating triumph, shared with her long-time friend Wang '
              'Shouxin (Shichang Da), was her exhibition at the prestigious '
              "Musée D'Orsay.In a sub-plot, He Qiong (Zunxia Gao), is the "
              'artist friend in Shanghai who urges Yuliang to go with her to '
              'Paris.  There, Yuliang is unable to help Qiong who is '
              'victimized by a Chinese wheeler-dealer in arts. '
              '**************************************Her wish to have her work '
              "given to the Peoples' Republic of China was fulfilled in "
              '1985.   There have been >20 exhibitions of her work, including '
              'controversial nudes, in various cities in China and Taiwan. '
              "`She has become a household name in China'.For the sake of art, "
              'it is "fortunate" that Pan Yuliang remained a self-exile in '
              'France.  It is not likely that she and her paintings would have '
              'survived the Cultural Revolution.Articles on Pan Yuliang and '
              'some of her distinctive paintings can be found on Internet:  '
              '"Pan Yuliang".',
 'tt0107161': 'This is another great martial arts movie about legendary folk '
              "hero Wong Fei Hong!It's much lower budget than Jet Li's 'Once "
              "Upon A Time In China' movies, but is suprisingly good, even "
              'better, more realistic action than the once upon a time in '
              'china series! Ok , so it is essentially copying the Jet Li '
              'films but the guy who plays Wong Fei Hong (Wang Kwan) is a very '
              "good martial artist (though he's not as good an actor as Jet!). "
              'The main attractions here are Master Eleven (Ji, Chun Hua, the '
              'bad guy from from Fong Sai Yuk 2)and the guy who plays Leung '
              'Foon! (Taam Chui) With out a doubt these two are very talented '
              'performers!Their martial arts skills are unmatched and in '
              'particular, i have to say Taam Chui is probably the most '
              'talented martial artist i have ever seen!(he puts the likes of '
              'Jet Li, Chui Man Cheuk and Donnie yen to shame!)His kicking '
              'skills are unbelieveable and there are almost no wires used in '
              'the fights!Worth checking out just for Taam Chui(though his '
              'talent is usually wasted in this film he gets to show at least '
              'some of his awesome skill!).The only films with better action '
              "than this are probably 'The Legend of Fong Sai Yuk' and 'Heroes "
              "among Heroes'. This ranks among the best i've seen, truly an "
              'undiscovered classic of the genre!A must see for Kung- Fu fight '
              'fans!',
 'tt0107358': '" The stories in the film are real, and they are related with '
              'total sincerity. What worries me is that it is precisely a fear '
              'of reality and sincerity that has led to the ban on such '
              'stories being told." - Tian ZhuangzhuangThe Blue Kite, a '
              'beautiful and courageous 1993 film by Tian Zhuangzhuang, '
              'describes the ups and downs in the lives of a young Chinese '
              "family from the early 1950's through the Cultural Revolution of "
              '1966. The film, which has not been seen in China, deals with '
              'the social upheavals caused by the Rectification Movement, the '
              'Great Leap Forward, and the Cultural Revolution, three events '
              'in recent Chinese history whose effects for good or ill are '
              'still being debated. Narrated by their rambunctious young son '
              'Tietou ("Iron Horse"), this is a political film about '
              'ideological excess, but it is also about the strength of family '
              'and the love of a mother for her son. Tietou, played by three '
              'different actors (Yi Tian, Zhang Wenyao, and Chen Xiaoman), '
              'tells how the swirling tide of political events caused '
              "uncertainty and disillusionment among the villagers. Tietou's "
              'mother, Shujuan, brilliantly portrayed by Lu Liping, is a tower '
              'of strength who must care for her son while coping with the '
              'sudden death of three husbands, indirectly due to the political '
              'turmoil. As the film begins, the drafting of citizens for '
              "manual labor is shown as part of the party's Rectification "
              'Movement, publicized through the mass media as an effort to '
              'remove "bourgeois" influences from professional workers. '
              "Shujuan's first husband, Shaolong (Pu Quanxin) falls out of "
              'favor with the Rectification Committee for his views (and '
              'because he has to go to the bathroom at an inopportune time). '
              'He is sent to a labor camp where he is accidentally killed by a '
              'falling tree. Her second husband, Uncle Li (Xuejian Li), dies '
              'of liver disease after confessing his role in reporting '
              'Shaolong and sending him to the labor camp. Shujuan then '
              'accepts marriage from a quiet intellectual named Lao Wu '
              '(Baochang Guo). During this time (1966-69), high school '
              'students, known as the Red Guard or hong wei bing militants, '
              'were organized to promote revolutionary enthusiasm and '
              'political purity by turning against "outdated" values taught by '
              'the teachers in their schools. They soon spread from the '
              'classrooms and became roving gangs, closing shops and schools '
              'and parading errant professors through the streets. Tian '
              'depicts the excesses of the Red Guard in bullying and beating '
              'those whom they deemed to lack "political purity". For example, '
              'Lao is denounced as reactionary by the Cultural Revolution and '
              'is arrested and beaten by Red Guards. Some claim that actual '
              'physical violence never occurred during this period. What is '
              'certain, however, is that the campaign led to the emergence of '
              'factions that believed they had the right to impose their '
              'beliefs on others.The Blue Kite is a powerful and involving '
              'film that says much about how ideological self-righteousness '
              "can undermine the things that are most precious -- a mother's "
              'love for her son, the strength and resilience of the family, '
              'and the right to speak our minds without fear of repression. '
              'The enduring values represented by the symbol of the blue kite '
              'are contrasted with the red banners and their changing '
              "political message. When the kite is caught in a tree, Tietou's "
              'father promises him,  "I can make another for you"; by the end, '
              'Tietou makes a similar promise to a small child. And so it '
              'goes.',
 'tt0108145': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Forty, '
              'Not Tricked.Audience needs to know a little bit of the '
              'traditional Chinese culture to understand the title of this '
              'movie: in the Chinese culture, the age thirty is called the age '
              'of independence, because a man should be married no later than '
              'this age, and by this age, he should also be responsible of '
              'taking care the family.  The age forty is called the age by '
              'which a man could not be easily tricked by outside seductions, '
              'because by the age of forty, the man should be mature enough to '
              'resist all the temptations.This movie is a much milder version '
              'of Huozhe (To Live) which was made two years later, and it '
              'serves as the predecessor of the latter.',
 'tt0108227': 'A study in the seemingly rank unfairness of Chinese culture '
              'toward women, this is an excellent film. Our heroine has a '
              'particularly raw deal, matched (or more correctly, purchase by) '
              'to a cruel, but well off husband.  His only interest is to have '
              'a son, but Xinghua does not become pregnant, bringing great '
              'hardship on herself. I liked the movie, although it was a '
              'little long and some of the characters could have been '
              "developed more, like Nizi, the husband's sister.  If you accept "
              'the movie as a real depiction of life in rural China, it is a '
              "wonderful, but depressing view of the Chinese twist to life's "
              "complications.  Try it. You'll like it.",
 'tt0108608': 'This movie explores the moral dilemmas of a woman who has '
              'beaten the system on its own terms.  Madame Xiang was sold at '
              'the age of 7 to the drunken lout who is now her husband of 20 '
              'years.  She says she cried when she was a child, but long ago '
              'she became a stolid seeker of opportunities, with a secret '
              'lover and a successful business.  Now her life comes full '
              'circle as, playing the solid patriarch that her husband could '
              'never be, she buys her retarded son a lovely young bride.  '
              'Instead of preaching, Xie Fei builds powerful dramatic episodes '
              'that make the viewer feel equally strong sympathy for Madame '
              "Xiang and horror at what she is doing.  The film's last moment, "
              'when she can no longer close her eyes to the horror, is very '
              'powerful.  The cinematography is especially effective: the lake '
              'of the title is filmed with a lyrical beauty that serves '
              'primarily to provide an ironic contrast with the unfolding '
              "events but also underpins the characters' sense that beauty and "
              'dignity in life are somehow possible, somehow their right.',
 'tt0108615': 'The story of a chinese mental patient Very slow and a bit of '
              'hard work to watch it I saw it on Gothenburg film festival as '
              "my 4th movie, that's about what i remember",
 'tt0108644': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: At a '
              'place that is far far away.Although this movie is a romantic '
              'drama, the sad fact is that the classification of fantasy would '
              'probably be much more appropriate classification.  The search, '
              'and the discovery of a paradise that is far away from the '
              'decadence of contemporary modernity and urbanization, such as '
              'materialism, greed, pollution are increasing difficult to find, '
              'especially in a rapid changing China which is desperately '
              'seeking economical development.  This movie has pointed out the '
              'trend of development and its negative aspects by fantasizing '
              'what is depicted in the movie.',
 'tt0108652': 'If you retire at the age-limit, you suddenly have free time for '
              '24 hours. Until yesterday you acknowledged yourself that your '
              'presence was critical to run your office in order. Today you '
              'have to acknowledge your office can be run without you. Someone '
              'has already taken things over and has started to change the way '
              'you did. So, what will be your ground from today you live on? '
              'This is a serious question every retiree has to face no matter '
              'which country you live in.Life becomes meaningful if you can '
              'actually feel you are needed. Mr. Han, who had served a Beijin '
              'opera house for decades as a clerical manager is the man who '
              'put the greatest value on it.The movie starts with a scene of '
              'the opera performance. Mr. Han squeezes himself inside an '
              'incense burner to support its ear; spurs bit-part players. The '
              'role of the bit players is no more than to jazz up the stage, '
              'but Mr. Han spurs them saying "Run until you die". Mr. Han '
              'never lies down even a simplest job such as numbering arrived '
              'newspapers. For him everything is an important task. His '
              'devotion to his job is beautiful.But now he is a retiree. He '
              'walks in town without purpose, when he accidentally finds some '
              'retirees enjoying a Beijin opera in the park. He managed to '
              'organize a group of retirees who love to play Beijin operas. '
              'Tremendous bureaucratic procedure was not a big burden for Mr. '
              'Han to borrow the community center. Mr. Han does his best as '
              'the manager of the group.Each person in the group has '
              'particular personality. Most of them simply like to play Beijin '
              'operas, but Mr. Han has his joy in taking care of them, and in '
              'fact only Mr. Han can do it right. The person who understands '
              'this most is Mr. Tsai, the trouble maker in the group.The '
              'storytelling of the movie is fairly simple, however, I think '
              'this one has richer implication about the life of retirees than '
              '"About Shmidt". I was more deeply empathized in Mr. Han than '
              "Mr. Shmidt. Huang Zongluo's performance acting Mr. Han is "
              'marvelous.',
 'tt0109418': 'Directed by Hong Kong actor/director Hung Kam Bo.  This kind of '
              'cooperation between China and Hong Kong is a step further than '
              'the previous methods of Hong Kong movies shot at China: Chinese '
              'actors were hired, so there is a greater part for China to play '
              'than just providing the sites.',
 'tt0109946': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is Stock '
              'Crazed.This film accurately depicts the second stage of the '
              'economic reform of urban liberalization in China, which started '
              'in 1992.  One of the characteristics of the reform was that the '
              'domestic stock exchange such the one in Shanghai was open to '
              'ordinary citizens like the one depicted in this film.',
 'tt0110051': 'i thought i needed to comment after the last summary person '
              'wrote a scathing commentary. i thought this film is worth '
              'checking out, not just for the historical aspect, but for the '
              'relationship between the two women and the one man. These women '
              'were both expelled from their brothels and brought to rehab '
              'camps in order to become model communist citizens, but one '
              'escapes in order to live with her lover. This lover lives with '
              'his mom who hates that there is a former prostitute living with '
              'her and her family. Things come to a boil and instead of '
              'standing up to his mom, the lover asks the woman to leave and '
              'to find a love nest. Her pride is hurt, so she leaves and '
              'enters a monastery. He realizes his mistake and tries to '
              'retrieve her back and she refuses. He goes to her former '
              'sister-like friend and seeks solace from her. Instead of him '
              'going back to the first woman, he ends up having a relationship '
              'with this girl. It all goes down after that. i thought the '
              'switch of character views throughout the whole film, the '
              'performances of the actors, and the camera direction was all '
              'done to great effect. There is one scene in the middle that '
              'will stay with me forever. i totally recommend this film for '
              'anyone who loves the Asian cinema like I do. Although it is a '
              'little hard to find and out only on VHS, it is totally worth '
              'it.',
 'tt0110081': "It's a shame that not more people have seen this movie, judging "
              'by the amount of user comments and ratings. Now that director '
              "Yimou Zhang ('Hero' & 'House of Flying Daggers') has become "
              "more popular, I'm hoping this will change.'Huozhe' or 'To Live' "
              "takes us on a trip in China that will last us from the 40's "
              "through the 70's. Through that time, we will see life through "
              'the eyes of Fugui and Jiazhen, a husband and wife with 2 '
              "children, as well as Fugui's mother.Fugui, the husband, has a "
              'gambling problem which will set off a chain of events that will '
              'have them lose the house, and eventually separate the family. '
              'Jiazhen, his wife, is forced to take a job which will put a '
              'strain on her children. Communist and nationalist armies battle '
              'each other, and the rise of Chairman Mao will affect them as '
              'well. Fugui will go through layers of mishaps that will change '
              "him forever. I don't want to detail anything more about the "
              "plot, it's much more worth viewing it and experiencing it then "
              'anything I can ever say here.Not once is this movie boring, '
              'effectively placing us there, with the family. The acting seems '
              'so natural that it feels like you are there, traveling with '
              'them, rather then viewing them through a camera. This of course '
              "shows the strength of Zhang's directing. You Ge plays Fugui, a "
              'popular actor in China, won the award for the Cannes Film '
              'Festival. Li Gong is beautiful, and portrays her character with '
              "such passion, it's no wonder she has been nominated nearly a "
              'dozen times, winning most.Emotional without being sappy, '
              'honest, & historically accurate, the film does have a black '
              "shroud covering it. In times of sadness, it's lifted a bit to "
              'allow us to see happiness, indeed, life, pull this family '
              'together. It even has bits of humor in it, at times, I laughed '
              'along with the family as much as I felt their pain. Little '
              'details, such paintings in the background that chip away as '
              'time goes by, shows how much care went into making this film. '
              'Characters that seem unimportant become part of the story '
              'later.What a wonderful film. When I saw it 10 years ago, it not '
              'only changed the way I saw foreign movies, it also changed the '
              'way I see life and people. Any movie that can do that is one I '
              'highly recommend to anyone.A perfect 10 out of 10.',
 'tt0110625': "You simply feel like you're taking a visual tour of mainland "
              'China when viewing this film. The DVD quality is great, as the '
              'colors are vibrant for a film completed over 20 years ago. '
              'Usually I see films being placed on the market as many '
              'generations away from the original film. This one, shot in true '
              'letterbox, seems as though it was made from a master print. The '
              'colors in SSM are incredible. The filming was done to showcase '
              "some of the beauty of China, and it's simply gorgeous.One note "
              'is of a warning for those who love animals. A graph at the '
              'bottom gives detail that will be forthcoming so those who love '
              'animals will consider whether to even watch the film. If some '
              'want to call it a spoiler, so be it. But others would want to '
              'know about the warning over any sense of what little is '
              '"spoiled," plot-wise, which really is not much.As for the film '
              "itself, it's definitely a kick your butt kind of film, where "
              'the actors actually make some incredible strikes. Watch for the '
              'roped knife play somewhere in the film... outstanding filming '
              'and character portrayals. The artists (they go WAY beyond '
              'simple acting here) are astonishing in how they were '
              "choreographed. I wonder if someone wasn't killed, the way they "
              'made the stunts and performances. The women kick some butt as '
              'hard as any of the men. Can I say this again? Some of the '
              'stunts are in-freakin-credible. My jaw drops when I see what '
              'these players did. There was a good mix of slow- motion to '
              'highlight some of the more jaw-dropping moments. Many of the '
              'fight scenes usually have lots of sound effects but you can '
              'tell there was no actual strike. In South Shaolin Master, there '
              'were some actual solid strikes.The filmmakers truly wanted to '
              'go deeper beyond what one usually sees in a martial arts film. '
              'Watch for some of the authentic artistry inside one of the '
              'temples... it makes one want to buy a ticket to see some of the '
              'locations filmed. Having a film about a troupe gliding along a '
              'river to visit towns and perform is a charming focus for a '
              'movie. How often have we ever seen life inside a junk? Or even '
              'a Shaolin temple? Anyone who is fascinated with the traditional '
              'lifestyle of China will surely want to see this film. There are '
              'way plenty fight scenes, but intermixed is a virtual 2- hour '
              'postcard without any modern amenities. There are some gorgeous '
              'settings. One thing of note, though. This is not a European- '
              "style film. This is Chinese, who aren't so concerned about the "
              'animals as those in the west have become. I would consider this '
              'as a light spoiler, but if you choose to skip this notation, '
              'you could get upset if you are an animal lover. One scene has a '
              'man taking his frustrations out by hard- slapping a dog. And a '
              'scene inside the junk at night where there was a scene of '
              'people inside slaughtered by the enemies has what seems to be '
              'an animal in the foreground, struggling while suspended by '
              'rope. Is it a real depiction, or not? It can make some very '
              'upset. Just an FYI, the DVD I have has Mandarin, Cantonese, and '
              'English, plus subtitles for each.',
 'tt0111752': 'This was a fascinating movie that certainly deserves credit for '
              'being original. A young bride is on her way to her wedding when '
              'she is kidnapped. Though eventually released due to the bravery '
              'of her servant, Kui, the prospective husband is accidentally '
              'killed when preparing to rescue her. So, when she eventually '
              "arrives for the wedding, the dead groom's mother insists she "
              'marries a wooden statue created to symbolize the dead man and '
              'remain forever chaste. And, naturally, this is a less than '
              'wonderful marriage and the young bride is miserable. '
              'Eventually, though, she and Kui fall in a doomed love--he is a '
              'poor servant and she is being forced to remain faithful to a '
              'lump of wood.While there is a lot more to the story than that '
              'and it has a very exciting and fulfilling ending, I am left '
              'wondering if there is any truth to the odd story. Did women '
              'ever marry symbolic images in China and is this story based on '
              'real characters. The movie seems to imply it is true, but there '
              "are no DVD extras to explain the movie and IMDb isn't much help "
              'here either.So, apart from a very original story idea and a '
              "wonderful ending, what's the movie like? Well, it's good but "
              'very, very slow. In fact, with a bit of editing this movie '
              'could have scored a 9--the pace (aside from the conclusion) was '
              'just too turgid. As a result, some might be tempted to turn it '
              'off--resist that urge! The payoff is worth the long wait.',
 'tt0111786': 'Due to lack of adult supervision during the Chinese Cultural '
              'Revolution, the mischievous boys of military fathers are free '
              'to spend their summer left to their own devices. Too young to '
              'join other youths working in the countryside, they spend their '
              'time riding their bikes, getting into gang fights, picking up '
              'girls, and asserting their masculinity. Chosen as one of 100 '
              'best Chinese films of the century by Asia Weekly Magazine, Wen '
              "Jiang's In the Heat of the Sun is a coming of age story set in "
              'Beijing in the 1970s after the Red Guards had been disbanded. '
              'The first film by a sixth generation Chinese director, it '
              'played to packed audiences of young people when it first opened '
              'in Beijing in 1995, but has never been released in North '
              'America.In the Heat of the Sun is based on the novel "Wild '
              'Beast" by Wang Shou, a controversial Chinese author who has '
              'written many stories about rebellious teenagers. The film is a '
              'subjective recollection about a group of friends who meet when '
              'their Army dads are shipped out to support Chairman Mao in '
              "1969, recollections embellished by the narrator's fanciful "
              'memory. Steeped in eroticism and youth violence, it is a sharp '
              'turn from the melodramatic epics of the early 1990s that '
              "interpreted China's past as a time of sexual repression. Jiang "
              'does not wallow in marketable clichés or make a special appeal '
              'to Western audiences but, like the young people in the film, '
              'imparts to the work a freshness and authenticity that sets it '
              'apart.The film stars 17-year old Yu Xia as "Monkey" Ma Xiaojun, '
              'a rebellious teenager who is a stand-in for the director as a '
              "young man. Xia (whose name translates as 'Summer Rain') won the "
              'award for best actor at the 1994 Venice Film Festival, the '
              'youngest actor ever to win this award. Narrated by the director '
              'who is also a popular Chinese actor, the opening narration '
              'tells us that "Peking has changed so fast. In 20 years, it\'s '
              'become a modern city. Almost nothing is as I remembered. Change '
              "has wiped out my memories. I can't tell what's imagined from "
              'what\'s real." The film\'s leitmotif is introduced almost '
              'immediately and we understand the reason for the title. "My '
              'stories always take place in summer", the narrator '
              'continues."The sunlight was so relentless, so bright, that our '
              'eyes were washed in waves of blackness. In the Heat of the Sun. '
              "In the raging storms of Revolution. The soldiers' hearts turn "
              'towards the sun." During that summer, Monkey acts out fantasies '
              'that make him feel like a hero and talks about characters from '
              'Russian novels and films dealing with revolutionary heroes '
              'searching for glory. He imagines himself standing up to bullies '
              'and enemies of the state in an imagined World War III and, in '
              'his fantasy, is willing to die for his country and his honor '
              'with women. He fights for his group, sending a rival gang '
              "member to the hospital for a month, sneaks into people's "
              'apartments with a self-made key (though he never steals '
              'anything), and watches films banned as inappropriate for '
              "children by the authorities.Monkey's main focus, "
              'unsurprisingly, is a girl whose portrait hanging on the wall of '
              'an apartment he let himself into is immediately captivating. '
              'His pursuit of Mi Lan (Ning Jing), who is a few years older '
              'than him, is, however, fraught with rejection, jealousy of '
              'group leader Liu Yiku, and passion that veers out of control. '
              'Although Jiang problematically redefines the Cultural '
              'Revolution as a period of spontaneity and freedom rather than '
              'dislocation and chaos, the film is not about politics but about '
              'the perilous transition from adolescence to maturity. Unlike '
              'other coming of age films, it is not a reflection of sadness '
              'and longing but an odyssey filled with the excitement of a new '
              'found freedom and revolutionary ardor.',
 'tt0113825': 'A hilarious and realistic look at (police) life in Beijing; '
              'this film was produced on location and used real police, not '
              'actors; allegedly, the criminals shown were actually '
              'apprehended during the production of the film.The other review '
              'commented that this film was incredibly dull and boring-- I it '
              'found the exact opposite. It was absolutely amazing to see the '
              'real mid-nineties Beijing. The supposedly "every-day" nature of '
              'the material is enlightening to one who has not experienced the '
              'mid-nineties Beijing, and is surely an insightful "step-back" '
              'analysis even to one who has experienced it.All the material is '
              'first-rate. For someone not particularly looking for '
              'sensationalism, for someone who is fascinated by amazing (but '
              'not ridiculous) people and things that happen in the real '
              'world, this is a great film. I marvelled at the resourceful-- '
              'albeit somewhat pathetic, but nonetheless likable-- police '
              'officers and criminals.',
 'tt0114243': 'I watched Red Cherry for the first time of VHS.  I was '
              'immediately impressed with the outstanding acting, particularly '
              'of the two main characters, but I was a bit bothered by the '
              'jumping around from one year to the next.  The subtitle quality '
              "wasn't great, either, nor were the special FX and production "
              'values up to snuff.  I bought it on DVD and watched it again, '
              'and I liked it considerably better the second time, and it '
              'keeps getting better and better every time I watch it.  It '
              'might take some time to get adjusted to the time jumping and '
              'weak (by big bucks Hollywood standards, anyway) special FX and '
              'whatnot, but Red Cherry has quickly climbed into my top 25 '
              "films of all time, and I've seen quite a few high quality films "
              '(Lynch, Bergman, DeSica, Kubrick, Zhang Yimou, Wong Kar-Wei, '
              'Polanski, and Kurosawa are some of my favorite filmmakers).  I '
              'hope to find a higher quality DVD in the future; this film '
              "deserves so much more.  I'm was really surprised to discover "
              'that this film got little recognition outside of China.  Too '
              "dark, I guess, but Schindler's List was quite grim and was a "
              'major hit.  Oh, well, just make sure you watch it.The stars of '
              'the film are just perfect, and there are many scenes that are '
              'very moving.  You fall in love with the main characters right '
              'away, and you like them more and more as the story progresses.  '
              'There were a few scenes that reduced me to tears (scenes with '
              'Nadia, the adopted Russian girl and each of the main '
              "characters' final scenes), quite an accomplishment, as few "
              'films move me that much (Grave of the Fireflies, one of the '
              'best films ever made, got me as well).  The story is told in an '
              'atypical way: the stories of the two main characters are '
              'cross-sections of their lives during a 5-year period, and the '
              'film jumps to the next year after showing a bit of their '
              "current circumstances.  Once I got used to it, I didn't mind "
              'the format at all.  Once I got into the film, the minor '
              'technical deficiencies seemed to disappear.  Highly, highly '
              "recommended.By the way, I don't agree that there is a lot of "
              'propaganda involved in this film.  The description of the '
              "treatment of Mao revolutionaries isn't exactly complimentary to "
              'the Chinese government.  They executed revolutionaries by '
              'chopping them in two at the waist with a haysickle?  Yeah, that '
              'really places the Chinese government in a positive light!  This '
              "story is about children and war, period.  And it's a very sad "
              'and powerful story.',
 'tt0115028': 'the above reviewer is either out of his mind or being '
              'deliberately and hilarious obtuse. This film has nothing to do '
              'with the bureaucracy of a state run post office and everything '
              'to do with urban alienation, the infectiousness of voyeurism '
              "and the connection between the two-as one's life becomes more "
              'and more invested in the lives of others one can only become '
              "more alienated from the content of one's own life. The film is "
              'incredibly low budget and while it lends it an interesting '
              'aesthetic of degradation, mirrored by a wonderfully evocative '
              'and low key score, at times it tends to interfere with the '
              'narrative, making characters quite difficult to separate from '
              "one another-for example, i didn't realise until after the film "
              'that he sleeps with his sister-i thought it was the prostitute '
              'Wang Jun-and this is not me being inadvertently racist as my '
              'Chinese wife still maintains that it was indeed the prostitute. '
              'I am an enormous fan of so called sixth (or urban) generation '
              'cinema and this is a fine example for anyone looking for '
              'interesting and challenging entrance. I would also recommend '
              'anything by Jia Zhangke and Li Yang.',
 'tt0115669': 'This is a beautiful, rich, and very well-executed film with a '
              'rich and meaningful story. Basically, it tells how an old '
              'master story teller needs to find a (male) heir to carry on his '
              'craft, but ends up not getting what he expected in his very '
              'male-dominated world. The characters must then deal with their '
              'situation and the old master must grapple with the conflict '
              'between his desire for a companion and heir and his and '
              "society's traditional notions.The story is fun, emotional, and "
              'complex. The exploration of the characters, their lives, and '
              'emotions, is rich and compelling the character development is '
              'strong while the characters are complex and not one dimensional '
              "at all. The film expertly conveys the old man's emotions and "
              'his desire to find an heir, and compellingly shows how he and '
              'the kid handle the situation. There is also humour, sometimes '
              'quite subtle, at appropriate points. The film also examines the '
              'good and bad of traditional Chinese culture, creating further '
              'interest and depth to the film.The directing, acting, and '
              'scenery are all outstanding. Added to the other strengths, this '
              'creates rich and convincing visual images and compelling, real '
              'characters. As a result, the film evokes strong empathy for, '
              'and feelings about, the characters.Some have claimed that the '
              'ending weakens the film, but I do not necessarily agree. '
              'Perhaps it could have been stronger with a different ending, '
              'but any improvement in the overall film would have been rather '
              'small.',
 'tt0116223': 'This movie is almost like a documentary. The camera seems to '
              'follow the protagonists and the whole movie appears realistic '
              'and believable to the viewer. For me it was quite interesting '
              'to see how day to day life of people in China looks like, it '
              'gives you insights into their apartments, what they do, etc. '
              "But on the other hand I must admit that I didn't find the story "
              'too compelling. A family that slowly breaks apart due to the '
              "father's drinking problems... there's nothing too special about "
              "that and the movie doesn't produce any extra moral or emotional "
              'impact or anything that would set this movie apart from other '
              'works. Therefore I would only recommend this movie to viewers '
              'that are interested in Chinese culture as a documentary- if you '
              'are up to see a rewarding drama check elsewhere.',
 'tt0116295': 'The images are very impressed. The color, the shadow, the depth '
              'of field and the framing are excellent. Every individual image '
              'is a great picture! Specially in the scene of presenting Ruyi '
              "as the master of the family, the soft lens makes Ruyi's white "
              'clothes flared, so that it emphasizes her special position in '
              'the family as well as her angel image.\n'
              'We often see the sexual victim as woman. As contrary, this '
              'movie describes a male victim from the sex abuse of his sister '
              'and his brother-in-law. The tragedy goes deeper when this '
              'victim destroys the others and himself.\n'
              'In summary, this movie is on my collection list.',
 'tt0118120': 'This is a good looking film. The cinematography is amazing. '
              "Although a Chinese film, the dialogue spoken in the film isn't "
              'Chinese(or English) but a made up language as was done in films '
              'like "Caveman" and "Alien Nation". The movie does have '
              'sub-titles. There is little dialogue but several well shot '
              'battle sequences. Callendar is effective in the title role of '
              'the unlikely warrior Lanling. Good film with some flaws, I give '
              'it a 7!',
 'tt0118187': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: I also '
              'have a dad.Although this movie is a family movie, it is '
              'actually very good for adults too, particularly for fathers.In '
              'the recent Chinese rapid economic boom, everybody is '
              'concentrated on making more money by working extra jobs or '
              'extra long hours, and as a result, the family is ignored.  Of '
              'course this applies to both men and women but in China, it is '
              'often the man who is the bread winner of the house.This movie '
              'advocates the fact that family should not be sacrificed for '
              'making financial gains and it did a good job by depicting in '
              'the eyes of young kids.',
 'tt0118199': 'so the movie can be best described as so-so by western '
              'standards, but by the time this movie was made in China, it was '
              'a breakthrough, and to a large extend, it is still true, simply '
              'because the topics in the movie were so common in west were '
              'simply rare in China, or at least, rarely talked about.The '
              'topic of rape, single mom with kids in relationships are '
              'strongly condemned in the traditional Confucian teaching, '
              'according to which the victim of rape must commit suicide in '
              'order to keep her good name, and for the same reason, widows '
              'must remain single for rest of her life.  This movie did a good '
              'job in criticizing such dross in the traditional feudal '
              'Confucian teaching, but it is difficult to appreciate for '
              'westerners who live in a society without such burdens.',
 'tt0120538': 'This film is rarely seen anywhere, which is a shame. It has a '
              'more balanced view of the subject than you would imagine, '
              'coming as it does from China, the main victim of the story it '
              'portrays. This latest showing, the first time I have seen it, '
              'was on Sunday 20th October 2002, on the nationwide Arte '
              'television channel, based in Hamburg, Germany. The theme of the '
              'evening was "Queen Victoria", and the Opium War was the unusual '
              'and bold first choice of a group of 3 programmes, the other two '
              'coming conventionally from Germany and Britain. One could never '
              'imagine the BBC or ITV daring to be so inventive, if they '
              'presented such a themed evening in Britain. I should declare an '
              'interest as a Brit, and one who lived in Hong Kong under the '
              'colonial govt for 12 years, leaving in the mid nineties, and '
              'having spent a considerable time working in China. This film '
              "doesn't just get a bad press, it gets NO press !It deals with a "
              "subject, which has been THE major thorn in China's dealings "
              'with the West over the past 150 years, and the single most '
              "important factor in forming China's foreign policy strategy "
              'right up until the present day. The film is seemingly '
              'unobtainable in the west either on DVD or VHS. This particular '
              'viewing was all dubbed into German, so I cannot comment on the '
              'authenticity on the use of Cantonese dialect in the southern '
              'scenes and the use of Mandarin in the Beijing and Tianjin '
              'episodes. However, it is most unlikely that these would not be '
              'addressed, bearing in mind the fim maker. Similarly, as there '
              'are genuine British actors in the film, one would imagine their '
              'contribution to be reasonably authentic - certainly their body '
              'language was throughout.Your first thoughts about this film '
              'would most likely immediately be to dismiss it as pure '
              'communist government propaganda, especially being released in '
              '1997, the year of the handback of Hong Kong to China.  But you '
              'would be very rash to make such a judgement. Many of the '
              'characters are drawn with sympathetic care, both on the Chinese '
              'and the foreign sides, and an authentic attempt to show the '
              'real causes of the war is made.  Yes, there are stereotypes, '
              'but not as many as to cause you to lose your interest in the '
              "film's main theme.This story needs to be told and for the "
              'British to acknowledge openly and without reservation what they '
              'did and the reasons why they did it. Interesting that they '
              'still really have not done so. Hong Kong to the average British '
              'person means designer clothes, Chinese takeaways and the opium '
              'war is still a large blank in the consciousness for most of the '
              'population.The Germans have come to terms with what they did 60 '
              "years ago, it's time we learnt from their example and did the "
              'same with our own actions more than a century ago, enslaving an '
              'entire nation with government-sponsored illegal drug '
              'trafficking on a huge scale. If we tried that policy today, we '
              'would be the pariah of the UN !See this film if you can - it is '
              'admittedly not a first-rank masterpiece, partially because of '
              'the stilted scenery, especially the foreign concession, which '
              "looks rather like part of Disney's Adventureland, and partially "
              'because of the lack of realism in certain parts of the battle '
              'scenes - the British army seems to have a suspiciously high '
              'proportion of oriental recruits! However, it is an opportunity '
              'to see an historical injustice from the side of the victims at '
              'last, and in a manner which any fair-minded person ought to '
              'acknowledge as remarkably unbiased in the circumstances.',
 'tt0121180': 'Dalu (The Big Road) is a very strong film. Technically, it has '
              'big problems with the soundtrack - it appears as if the '
              'available equipment could only handle loud sound: a crying '
              'baby, multi-voice singing, airplane noise, etc. There is one '
              'solo song ("Goodnight little swallow") that must have been '
              'lovely, but suffers much from the sound quality. So over longer '
              'passages, this film rather stays silent, and all dialogs are on '
              'intertitles (Chinese only).That said, Dalu is a very rich movie '
              '- rich in ideas, plot twists, and charming actors. It offers '
              'comedy, mostly between the gang of six road builders (including '
              'comedian Han Langen); mild romance; two strong female leads who '
              'really amazed me, the girls from the tavern; some horror and '
              'thrills (starting with different opinions on US$400 checks) in '
              "Master Hu's dungeon, including a kind of crucifixion; some war "
              'action with a fighter biplane; also a steamroller built by '
              'Kemna in Breslau; and ends in an uplifting "ghost story". And '
              "that's not all. The boys' nude bathing scene, with the two "
              'girls onlooking, is not pornographic at all, yet very '
              'tingling...This might be classified as "leftist drama". And it '
              'has a political message of course: the workers are the '
              'strongest force, the Communist army (cavalry) helps to save the '
              "day. But see above, even if you don't care for those messages, "
              'the movie delivers much more. The thrills of a pair of '
              'scissors.. the "I love all six of them" scene.. the incident at '
              '"Columbus Road"...What can I say. Let\'s hope Dalu will be '
              'fitted with English intertitles, so that more viewers can share '
              'this incredible experience... 9/10.',
 'tt0121739': 'For all those interested in Kung Fu, this is one film that '
              "shouldn't be left off the list. Shaolin Abbot Hai Teng's power "
              'and skill is unparalleled and one must see it to believe it. At '
              '86 years old, Abbot Hai Teng is as agile, flexible, and strong '
              'as a 26 year old. Using the secret Shaolin "one-finger form" of '
              'Kung Fu, Abbot Hai Teng can stand on the index finger of one '
              'hand--even as an octagenarian.Although this documentary '
              "includes only 11 minutes of Jet Li footage (and if you've seen "
              '"Dragons of the Orient," you\'ve already seen all of it), the '
              'rare look into the life of so fascinating a man as Abbot Hai '
              'Teng is worth your time.',
 'tt0121890': 'Small Toys tells the story of a gifted artisan toy maker, '
              'played by Ruan Lingyu, who crafts small toys from clay and '
              "bamboo that her husband then sells in a nearby town. Ye's "
              'daughter, after the story moves forward ten years to 1931, is '
              'played by Li Lili, another famous actress in both silent and '
              'sound films. It is perhaps not the best film of either of these '
              'great Chinese actresses, but like many films from the period, '
              'are important for historical reasons as well as for mere '
              'entertainment value. SPOILERS AHEAD Many catastrophes then '
              "strike one after the other: Ye's husband dies and her little "
              'son disappears, warlords destroy the village, cheap modern toys '
              'begin to outsell the handmade works Ye and her equally gifted '
              'daughter create. The family move then to the outskirts of '
              'Shanghai and the story moves forward ten years. In 1932, the '
              'Japanese attack Shanghai and bring further disaster to the '
              'family. Finally mistaking New Year firecrackers for bombs, Ye, '
              'driven to madness, urges those around her to take up arms '
              'against the imaginary enemies. SPOILERS ENDThis movie was made '
              'after the Japanese invasion of Manchuria and these events play '
              'a pivotal role in the action as well as the spirit of the film, '
              'especially its frequent and undisguised nationalistic appeals, '
              'including one directly to the audience! As for the title, apart '
              "from indicating the nature of the main character's business, as "
              'the plot moves forward, it seems to suggest that the characters '
              'themselves are mere toys in the hands of Fate.',
 'tt0121918': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Chinese '
              'Police FlowersIn Chinese, flowers also represents beautiful '
              'women, hence, police flowers means female cops.This movie is '
              'based on the true story of one of the joint China-USA '
              "counter-narcotic operations in the 1980's, and it is a "
              'dramatized version of one counter narcotic trafficking '
              'operation.What was not told is what happened in the real life '
              'after the bad guys were caught: USA refused to repatriate the '
              'convicted criminal back to China because he claimed that if he '
              'were sent back, he would be persecuted in Chinese jail, but he '
              'was not jailed for long in USA either because he was paroled.  '
              'As soon as he gained his freedom, he went back to the old '
              'business but before USA authorities could arrest him again, he '
              'was killed by local Chinese gangsters in Chinatown of New York '
              'City.This part was willfully ignored, and the idea of making a '
              'sequel on this second half was also killed because exposing '
              'this second part would mean the efforts the cops spent was '
              'wasted and the final justice was done by criminals, not the law '
              'enforcements.',
 'tt0122805': 'This is a silent film from China made in 1931. It is about two '
              'leads in a film, Yan (Raymond King) and Ying (Violet Wong). '
              'They meet after hearing Ying sing while another movie is being '
              "shot. You, of course, don't get to hear the song, but it "
              "catches people's attention. Once they meet and work together, "
              "they fall in love. Is it forever? It is a drama, so don't bet "
              'on it. This film is not essential viewing, but its good. The '
              'two lead actors are fine. This film is paired on DVD with "A '
              'Spray Of Plum Blossoms", which is more absorbing, but this '
              'along with Blossoms is great value for your money. The '
              'condition of this film is very good, better than most films '
              'which are now available that were made at that time in China. '
              'Buy the DVD and watch both films if you have any interest in '
              'early cinema from China. Both films are worth watching.',
 'tt0123329': 'This was a magnificent film. Gorgeous cinematography, superbly '
              'acted. Heartbreaking and tender at the same time.',
 'tt0123450': 'A stunning movie. It presents such an infective atmosphere by '
              'natural cinematography .When I saw it two years ago, I got '
              'moved into tears at the doomed destiny of protagonist even it '
              "was shot almost a decade earlier.It's a must-see if u wanna "
              'know the high-level movies produced in China.',
 'tt0124852': 'I saw this movie on SBS (in Australia) as the saturday night '
              'cult movie. This movie however is way too good to be a cult '
              'movie. it has some of the best sceneries I have ever seen. They '
              'are at par with Crouching Tiger (if not better).The movie is '
              'based in the hills of China, seems suspiciously close to '
              'Mongolia (judging by landscapes and general look and feel). The '
              'time period is not entirely clear as I could clearly see some '
              'modern inventions like matches, water taps etc.The central '
              'character is a lady(Hongliu) who runs an inn in the middle of '
              'nowhere(Sun Valley). She is a widow and has a son(Shazao). She '
              'is also happily involved with a local who is out of town most '
              'of the times.Things become interesting with the advent of a '
              'stranger with a nifty sword and an uncanny reaction to blood. '
              'Its obvious that he has a dark side and a secret past.The '
              'stranger starts living at the inn waiting for a "friend". '
              'Others reckon he is an "avenger" and would only bring '
              'trouble.Without trying to give any more details about the plot, '
              'I can say that the movie is more of a character study than a '
              'typical kung fu/swordsplay or western.The movie is worth '
              'watching just for the visuals alone. The characters are '
              'likeable and acting passable.',
 'tt0125279': 'This movie is an interesting look at the artistic underground '
              'in China, but more than that its a thought provoking meditation '
              'on the value of life. Its also a good story... the ending has '
              'several unexpected and shocking plot twists, and this movie '
              'will leave you thinking for a while. In spite of (or perhaps '
              'because of) the rather dark quality of the movie, it leaves you '
              'with a deeper appreciation for life.',
 'tt0130380': 'This movie is a doze of reality China really needs and in order '
              'to fully appreciate it, one must be familiar with the dross in '
              'the traditional Confucian teachings which discriminate against '
              'women.  Once of such example is rule of each woman can only '
              'have one husband while a man can have as many wives as he can '
              'afford.In the recent rapid Chinese expansion, people have '
              'accumulated wealth, but as soon as there is some money in the '
              'pocket, the dross of the tradition reappeared, such as keeping '
              'a mistress (since Chinese law prohibits concubinage).  If there '
              'is not enough money to keep one daily, then at least she can be '
              'kept at the weekends.This movie criticized this injustice and '
              'introspected the traditional culture at the same time, and '
              'every Chinese man needs to watch this.',
 'tt0131654': 'Although classified as a comedy, this  movie is actually a '
              'social satire.In the recent rapid expansion of Chinese economic '
              'boom, thanks to the reformed implemented, individual citizens '
              'are having money in for themselves, for the first time in the '
              'post revolutionary era China. Accompanying this increased '
              'wealth, there is the resurgence of traditional culture.  '
              'However, as soon as there is a little money in their pockets, '
              'the dross of the traditional culture reappeared and this is '
              'what this movie criticizes in a comical way.',
 'tt0131655': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Victor.The director of this movie, Mr. Jian-Qi Huo is great in '
              'directing something that advocates new ideas, such as The Love '
              'of the Blueness (Lai Se Ai Qing) made in 2000, and he is '
              'equally good at directing movies that advocates the traditional '
              'values as That Mountain, That People, and That Dog (Na Shan, Na '
              'Ren, Na Gou) made in 1999.  This movie belong to the '
              'latter.Although not as touching as That Mountain, That People, '
              'and That Dog, this movie is nonetheless a good one in that it '
              'points out the fact winning is not everything, sometimes taking '
              'a step back would open a new window in your heart because there '
              'is a win-win situation for everyone.',
 'tt0134824': 'The actual literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Friends that are Strangers.When audience in China look at this '
              'movie that was made two decades ago in the early era of '
              'reforms, there is no doubt in their mind that the era is gone '
              'forever, an era in which you could trust strangers who would '
              'risk their own lives to save you from robbers.  It is a stark '
              'contrast that back then material wealth was scarce but morality '
              'was not, but in the current economic boom, the situation is '
              'reversed.  This movie therefore should be shown again and again '
              'to remind people that morale and ethics should not be forgotten '
              'in the process of making money.',
 'tt0140700': "Women's Story (mandarin: Nu ren de gu shi)The adventures of "
              'three peasant women who flee their rural village to taste '
              "freedom in the big city. A movie from China's Fifth Generation. "
              'Desperate, sad, funny, insightful, ultimately inspiring.An '
              'excellent movie throughout with a powerful ending. It provides '
              'a fascinating glimpse into the reality of modern China, showing '
              'what exists beyond the modern apartment blocks and shiny '
              "skyscrapers of today's big cities.Three women in a small and "
              'oppressive, but typical, Chinese village near the Great Wall '
              'leave for the big city each for her own reasons--to escape, to '
              'discover, to profit. All of them want to better their lives, '
              'something they could not do in their village.This movie is very '
              "much a commentary on women's rights and harshly enforced "
              'traditions, told with true conviction and without falling into '
              'sentimentality or becoming overtly political. Much is revealed '
              'concerning the status of the women in modern day China.The life '
              'of a woman in China is shown to be that of a second class '
              'citizen whose only lot in life is to suffer. The life of a '
              'young girl in China is worth little; that of a young girl with '
              'no brother can be said to be worthless. Tradition dictates that '
              'only males of the family have value. Older women of the family '
              'brag about their male heirs. Women celebrate the birth of sons '
              'and mourn the birth of daughters. Cracks in these traditions '
              'are shown, but change will only come by confronting the '
              'problems shoulder to shoulder when women stand together.Having '
              'lived and traveled extensively in China, I can say that this '
              'movie is a highly accurate portrayal of life in China, and of '
              'the barriers facing Chinese women of today.',
 'tt0144020': 'Xiaowu is an average young man in a typical small town in '
              'China. He is shy, stubborn, values friendship, sometimes '
              'vanity-driven, sometimes even romantic. And he is a '
              'pick-pocket.It is surprising that although hundreds of millions '
              'of people lead their lives like xiaowu, "Xiao Wu" is the first '
              'candid depiction of their life in the many years of chinese '
              "filmmaking. I was particularly struck by the camera's honesty: "
              'run-down buildings along littered streets, filthy public bath '
              'places, hidden brothels camouflaged as karaoke shops...As the '
              'country opens up for economical changes, some people have '
              '"their own ways" to take advantage of the change and became '
              'rich, while the rest struggle to make a living. The film '
              'provided vivid portraits of people you probably know or have '
              'heard of: the former pick-pocket buddy of xiaowu who became a '
              'famous entrepreneur and grew ashamed of having a friend who '
              'picks pockets; the girl who works at a Karaoke but tells her '
              "mom that she's at school, who dreams of becoming a star and "
              'fell in love with xiaowu but eventually "contracted" herself to '
              'a rich man from Shan Xi...Even if you are not particularly '
              'interested in the setting of the film, the universal conflict '
              'of dignity and making a living, vanity and friendship, dream '
              'and reality, makes this film very interesting to watch.Bravo, '
              'Jia ZhangKe! I give this film a 10/10 for being the first of a '
              'genre that will shine in chinese cinema.',
 'tt0145254': 'This is a documentary, shot with little introduction or '
              'narration, telling the story of four women who live in the '
              'village of Phoenix Bridge who have gone to Beijing to work as '
              'maids. The women, who often talk directly to the camera while '
              'hanging out in the shack they live in, talk about the stresses '
              'they feel while being separated from their families, the '
              'pressure to get married, but the desire to earn living wages. '
              "It's a very raw, rough documentary, but is very sad in some "
              "ways. It's worth seeing if you're interested in modern Chinese "
              'problems, as this is one of the few films which let the workers '
              'speak for themselves, directly to the audience.',
 'tt0151464': 'It\'s superficially a nice story, but "Surveillance" doesn\'t '
              'really show Huang Jianxin at his best. It falls awkwardly '
              'between his two unique styles - the overt political symbolism '
              'and criticism of his early movies, and the sardonic warmth of '
              'his later movies - and ends up being a rather flat movie which '
              "doesn't genuinely engage the audience.Huang's wonderful eye for "
              'detail sets him above his Chinese contemporaries in almost all '
              'his movies: there are some really enjoyable scenes here, but '
              'neither the social observation nor the plot are really enough '
              'to sustain a whole film.',
 'tt0162866': "I've read some grumbles about the court scenes. These people "
              'betray their ignorance. This production went to simply amazing '
              'lengths to recreate all aspects of the period in which the '
              'story occurred. Courtly manners are something few people '
              'outside the court ever see. While the acting may appear highly '
              'stylized, it is, in fact, as close a replication as possible of '
              'the behavior of individuals in their particular stations as the '
              "director could create. The actor's facial expressions are a "
              'marvel, particularly the duplicitous Marquis Changxin and the '
              "King's mother.There are, of course, reflections of both Greek "
              'and Shakespearian tragedy in the relationship between the king, '
              'his parents and his love. The juxtaposition of the king '
              'transforming from good to bad and the assassin from bad to good '
              'provides much food for thought on the evolution of an '
              "individual's nature. This movie would provide much to ponder in "
              'a college course on the humanities.At the same time, it almost '
              'rushes along, even in the slowest scenes heading towards an '
              'inexorable denouement. One suspects the involvement of large '
              'portions of the troop movements, which were quite awesome. It '
              'makes The Lord of the Rings battle scenes pale by comparison. '
              'Few directors have the ability to literally field thousands of '
              "humans on the field of battle just for art's sake. I recall one "
              'scene in which at least 30,000 troops can be seen moving across '
              'a huge plain. The logistics for such a shot would have been '
              "staggering.I could go on... but simply, I can't recommend this "
              'film highly enough.',
 'tt0164934': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie actually is: '
              'the Love and Hate of The Heavenly Kingdom.This martial arts '
              'flick made in China is different than other martial arts in '
              'that unlike others which is mostly based on the novels written '
              'by contemporary writers, this one is based on folklore.However, '
              'the folklore is completely fake because after failed Tai-Ping '
              'uprising, people sympathetic to the uprising hoped that there '
              'would be a chance to uprise again, and spread the rumor of '
              'prince had not died while in reality he did die.  Although such '
              'folklore had absolutely no historical value, it is a good '
              'source of literal source from which this martial arts flick is '
              'rooted from.',
 'tt0165127': 'Although it was not the first Chinese movie made, it was a '
              'first major success and as the result of its success, the '
              'Chinese movies made around that time were very similar to it: '
              'most of them were martial arts flicks.Another importance of '
              'this film in the early era of Chinese movie industry was that '
              'it pioneered the large scale adoption of movie theaters for the '
              'general public which included the middle and lower classes.',
 'tt0168499': 'Unfortunately, it is also a story that repeats itself far too '
              'frequently in the rural and remote parts of China.  For those '
              'who are not familiar with traditional Confucian teachings, they '
              'will find it difficult to believe how women are discriminated '
              'against but this is an accurate depiction of the real life, '
              'traditional teachings of thousands years are still strongly '
              'dominates the thinking of the older generation.',
 'tt0169064': 'In 1949 the communists attained victory in China, and the '
              'remainder of the nationalist KMT, or Kuo Min Tang, fled to '
              'Taiwan. They thought they would be returning soon to the '
              'mainland, and many left relatives behind, never expecting a '
              'separation of decades.This is the background to the story of My '
              "Rice Noodle Shop, which follows one woman, Rong'er, the owner "
              'of said shop, and a few of her customers, all from the '
              "picturesque region of Guilin. Rong'er was herself the daughter "
              'of a noodle-shop owner, though back in Guilin, she had '
              'experienced none of the hardships that would beset her later. '
              'Her customers include an ex-landlord who has, needless to say, '
              'come down considerably in the world, and who no longer has his '
              'four concubines for comfort. There is also a young teacher, Mr. '
              'Lu, who seems to bear some scars of his own. The stories of '
              'these emigrés are often shown nicely photographed flashblacks, '
              'which the lovely scenery of Guilin lends itself to. These '
              'flashbacks also highlight painful contrasts between past and '
              'present, wealth and poverty, beauty and ugliness, companionship '
              "and loneliness. Only the cook is left 'undeveloped', though he "
              'does take part in some of the action in the present.Almost '
              'everyone in the shop has left people behind: husbands, '
              'fiancées, sons, and they all seem to be waiting, with fading '
              'hopes, for the reunion of these broken relationships. In fact, '
              'the ultimate frustration of these long-held hopes forms turning '
              'points in several of their stories.Outside the noodle shop, '
              "Rong'er has some friends she plays mahjong with, and a niece "
              'she often helps out financially. The timid Mr. Lu, who rents a '
              'room nearby, has to deal with a nymphomaniac young woman, even '
              'while nursing the memory of his childhood love and fiancée.So '
              'much for the characters, setting and basic plot. The actors '
              'acquit themselves well in their roles, and the main actress, '
              'Carol Cheng has been well cast. She convincingly plays the '
              "'grass-widow' who is now the wrong side of forty, idealises the "
              'past and is unsure of the future. The mostly older male '
              'customers also seem very authentic.One might argue that Hou '
              'Hsiao Hsien and Edward Yang have also dealt with the question '
              'of mainlanders living in exile, with their frustrated hopes and '
              'the pains of relationships separated by the Taiwan Strait. '
              'Their works are revered at home and awarded internationally, '
              'but theirs are not the only voices. With the question of '
              'cross-strait relations constantly arising, as well as '
              'mainlander-Taiwanese identities still being quite fluid, how '
              'can there not be a plethora of movies that touch on the '
              'subject? Xie Yang has added his voice to these others with this '
              'film, which might be simpler, or lighter than Hou or Yang, but '
              'is hardly a feel-good alternative. There are humorous moments, '
              "and tragic ones also.I'd recommend this film to anyone "
              'interested in either Taiwanese films or the historical '
              "situation of Taiwan. It is more accessible than Hou's and "
              "Yang's works dealing with the same issues, and might even serve "
              'as a palatable introduction for the westerner interested in '
              'approaching their, more weightier, works. It is well '
              'photographed, scripted and acted, with a strain of nostalgic '
              'melancholy running through it that harmonises well with the '
              'subject matter.',
 'tt0174425': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              "Human's Spring.I must admit that I did not expect too much when "
              'I first started, because the movie is about the early life of '
              'Nie Er, the composer who wrote Chinese national anthem.  '
              'Obviously, you cannot blame me for have the first impression of '
              'a negative image about this movie, for being just another piece '
              'of commie political propaganda.However, as the story played '
              'out, I was quite surprised that this movie was by no means a '
              'usual commie political propaganda, because it provided an '
              'accurate picture of the early era of Nie Er, the experience '
              'that was not only acknowledged by China, but also by others who '
              'are ardent anti-communists.  This movie thus provides a neutral '
              'stand, without obvious political bias, something that is rather '
              'rare in Chinese films, and for this reason, I give it 7 of out '
              '10.',
 'tt0177624': 'I believe that Urban Love is more accurate than the translation '
              'Love in the City.  The reason is that the director is using the '
              'love story in the cities to point out the problems people '
              'encountered in urbanization.  This  film is rather less of '
              'social criticism, but more of speaking the problem factually.',
 'tt0179191': 'I bet Mongolia produces hundreds of really cool movies every '
              'year, but everybody thinks "Mongolia? That\'s all sheep isn\'t '
              'it? Can\'t be any good", and ignores them completely. That is, '
              'until they make a movie about their most famous export, Mr '
              "Genghis Khan. Everybody's heard or Genghis Khan, after all, and "
              'his barbarian hordes, and a biopic actually made in Mongolia '
              'ought to have that extra bit of authenticity. Therefore, the '
              'world sits up with sleepy eyes and takes note. The reason I '
              'think Mongolia must make a lot of movies that the rest of the '
              'world ignores is because Genghis Khan is the first Mongolian '
              "movie I've even heard of, and it's really good. And people "
              "don't usually make really good movies without some practise, so "
              "I assume it's not the makers' first attempt. The movie is a "
              "'costume epic', of the 'hundreds of riders on horseback killing "
              "each other a lot' subgenre. One of my favourite "
              'genre/subgenres, in which I know I am not alone. It tells the '
              "story of Genghis's life from his birth (around 1167 apparently) "
              'to his uniting of the Mongol tribes (around 1206). It shows '
              'Genghis to be much more than a bloodthirsty barbarian, as he is '
              'often viewed in the West... in fact, his strong love for his '
              'mother was apparently his most famous personality trait. As a '
              'child, his family is forced into exile after his father - '
              'leader of the tribe - is betrayed and killed by a rival. '
              'Somehow, they survive on the plains, and when he reaches '
              'adulthood he returns to claim his throne (or his tassled spear, '
              "in fact, since thrones aren't generally popular with nomadic "
              'tribes). From there, he leads his people into battle again, '
              'becoming an increasingly more powerful and renowned military '
              'leader as he grows and learns. The plot has a slightly dry '
              '"historical timeline" kind of feel to it, but the situations '
              '(and hence the movie at large) are made more engaging by some '
              'great performances. Genghis both young and old is a rounded '
              'character, flawed but honorable and likeable, and his loyal '
              'wife is quite adorable... but his mother steals the show. '
              'Strong, passionate, independant, etc. The kind of mother to '
              "raise empire-builders for sure. There's quite a lot of other "
              "characters involved in Genghis's story, but the movie focuses "
              "on the small core cast to ensure we don't become too "
              "bewildered. The historical feel is well conveyed by the movie's "
              'production - costumes, makeup and all the various props and '
              'sets all feel very authentic. The cinematography is excellent '
              'throughout, creating stunning images of the mountains and '
              'plains of Mongolia... especially during the battle scenes, '
              'where hundreds of riders on horseback charge around waving '
              'swords and spears and kicking up dust everywhere. Very '
              'impressive, though MUSA has since raised the standard for such '
              'scenes significantly of course. The scenes in GENGHIS KHAN are '
              "not as good as those in MUSA, unquestionably, but they aren't "
              'too shabby when compared with other competition such as ASOKA '
              'and SURIYOTHAI.\n'
              "I must make mention of the movie's soundtrack, too - a really "
              'great score, beautifully composed and orchestrated, very epic '
              "and emotive. It's reminiscent in places of the CROUCHING TIGER, "
              'HIDDEN DRAGON soundtrack.\n'
              'My conclusion is a strong recommendation for the movie, '
              'especially if you have enjoyed MUSA, ASOKA, SURIYOTHAI etc. The '
              'Hong Kong DVD is not too great unfortunately, but is at least '
              'widescreen (very) and subtitled (badly). It would be nice to '
              'see a US studio pick it up, remaster it and release it '
              "theatrically and on DVD - except it probably wouldn't be the "
              "same after they'd had Zhang Ziyi re-dub Genghis' narration in "
              'English, and re-edited the battle scenes with Kevin Costner '
              'teaching Genghis military strategy...',
 'tt0182030': 'The host for the movie show which played this movie on SBS said '
              'that it was a thriller that turned out to be an ironic '
              'character study. I never saw this movie as being a thriller but '
              'I do agree that it is a character study. The movie is from '
              'China and is about two men Ye Minhzu and Old Tian who are asked '
              'by the police to watch a railyard in case a suspect for the '
              'murder of a dock owner and his family returns. The movie is not '
              'a murder mystery but more a drama that deals with the two main '
              'characters lives during this case. David Straton says that '
              'Jianxin is using the movie as a political comment against the '
              'way the government seems to always spy on the people, but I '
              "don't think it comes out this way either. In any case this "
              'movie is Chinese, meaning that any political commentary must be '
              'very subtle.Surveillance is thus what David Straton calls a '
              'character study and as one it does it very well. Ye Minzhu is '
              'described as being impatient and fleeting, and the only reason '
              "he doesn't give up is because his boss, Old Tian, orders him "
              'not too, and then after Old Tian leaves, he is persuaded by a '
              'deaf man who just gives words of wisdom on the phone to stay. '
              'Old Tian on the other hand is opposite to Minzhu. Tian is '
              'dedicated to his work, and even though he is ill of health, he '
              'must serve his country and he remains vigilant. Tian is always '
              'looking through the spyglass while Minzhu only occasionally '
              'looks through and spends most of his time wondering around the '
              'water tower. It is only after Tian leaves that he remains there '
              'and tries to focus so that he does not betray his friend and '
              "boss.The movie focuses more about Minzhu's life for he is the "
              'younger and still trying to work things out. Tian is older and '
              'though he is not a shallow character, a few scenes outlines his '
              'character. He is loyal to his family and to his country while '
              "Minzhu doesn't know what he wants. He is more than ready to "
              'walk out on his girlfriend Bei Lin because she had a boyfriend '
              'before him. Yet he realises that he does want to and that he '
              'made a mistake by walking out on her. As we watch the '
              'interaction between them we notice that Minzhu is little more '
              'than a typical self centred human being. He wants Bei and '
              'everybody else can go to hell. Bei though does love him and the '
              'only reason she is angry is because she thinks that he is '
              'having an affair. Bei is incredibly loyal to Minzhu and even '
              'though she threatens to leave, she gives up everything to '
              'remain in the politically oppressed China and to be with '
              'Minzhu. Such a noble young lady.',
 'tt0182826': "Bruce Le's 1990 comeback (before his return to obscurity, I "
              'guess?) is a typical modern HK actioner, derivative of the '
              'stuff John Woo & Jackie Chan were doing at the time. Plenty of '
              'chases, captures, escapes, re-captures, re-escapes, gunplay and '
              'martial arts (i.e. a duel in the ring). Released to video in '
              "1991, it's another of Bruce Le's attempts at making an "
              "'international blockbuster', in fact it's the most expensive "
              'movie of his career--but I preferred him as a Lee imitator in '
              'the 1970s, because he was funnier. But the production company '
              "was impressed by his 1980s 'epics' (i.e. FUTURE HUNTERS and "
              'REVENGE OF THE KICKFIGHTER), and invested the money hands-down, '
              'to make BLACK SPOT. Throw in plenty of Thai & Burmese extras, '
              'crew members from THE LAST EMPEROR, the cooperation of the Thai '
              'army (for usage of their tanks & soldiers), supporting roles by '
              'blond actresses Rossieo Badin & Fanny Hill, and you get a '
              'pretty typical action-war film along the lines of EASTERN '
              'CONDORS and BULLET IN THE HEAD.Bruce Le still fights well, but '
              "looks so different (aging) that I almost didn't recognize him. "
              'BLACK SPOT was three years in the making, and Le broke a leg '
              'doing a stunt for the movie. Ever the trouper, he directed the '
              'remainder of the movie while in crutches.Le plays a kung fu '
              'instructor at a health spa full of hot chicks (blond '
              'super-model types), but unfortunately, he must leave this dream '
              'job when mobsters (i.e. Wong Tao & Lo Lieh) pressure him into '
              'smuggling drugs at some Golden Triangle. Plenty of explosions '
              'and bad acting before Bruce Le himself gets shot dead by one of '
              "his own comrades who's gone trigger happy. BLACK SPOT was "
              'filmed in HK, Taiwan, Red China, Thailand and even France '
              '(where it was also a box office hit). I just thought it was '
              'okay.',
 'tt0183576': 'A rare realistic description of history in the era of political '
              'pressure. Notice that this film was made in the era of Great '
              'Leap Forward, shortly after the Anti-Rightists movement, and '
              'understandably, the film had to yield to the political pressure '
              'of the time.  Amazingly, the movie remain true to history by '
              'abruptly ending the biography of the musician early:What was '
              'omitted was that although the musician loved his country and '
              'opposed Japanese invaders, he eventually went to Japan and died '
              'there because the corrupted motherland could not provide the '
              'educational and career opportunities he needed.  By describing '
              'the early part of his life, and stop short before his '
              'departure, the film had managed to give an accurate description '
              'under the tight political pressure of the time.',
 'tt0183700': 'I liked this movie as it turned out to be a more profound and '
              'insightful film than I thought.I know where the character '
              'Richard is coming from. I grew up in the United States and '
              'spent nine years in Korea rediscovering my cultural identity '
              "and such. I've been sick of movies that only show the "
              'Asian-Americans who cannot (or shall I say will not) get down '
              "with their ethnicity.I liked the Go master's comments that most "
              'expats in a foreign country know little to nothing about their '
              "host nation, even if they've lived there for years. And there "
              'are a lot of sleazy loser types from the West that do flock to '
              'Asia, something which the film duly pointed out.',
 'tt0183828': 'Two sisters having fled from the war in northeast China come to '
              'Shanghai looking for a better life. Xiao Yun (Zhao Huishen) is '
              'forced into prostitution while her younger sister Xiao Hong '
              '(Zhou Xuan) becomes a singer and dancer at a local brothel. '
              'Though enslaved to the musician Wang, they are aided by the '
              'friendship of a young street musician Xiao Chen (Zhao Dan) and '
              'his friend Xiao Wang (Wei Heling) who help the sisters fend off '
              'the brothel owner and local thugs. Considered an early Chinese '
              "classic, Yuan Muzhi's lyrical Street Angel depicts the daily "
              "struggles of those who made up Shanghai's underclasses in 1935 "
              'at the time of the Japanese occupation: the street walkers, '
              'news vendors, fruit sellers, musicians, barbers, and the like. '
              'The film blends comedy with social realism and shows Chinese '
              'women as victims of a ruthlessly commercial society.Unlike '
              'Flowers of Shanghai by Hou Hsiao-hsien which depicted the world '
              'of the courtesan behind closed doors, Street Angel shows the '
              "open world of Shanghai's street prostitutes, girls that have no "
              'status, are bought and sold, and allowed little individuality. '
              "Like the prostitutes in Hou's film, however, they are equally "
              'entrapped and their only escape is by marrying or running away. '
              'In spite of its theme, the film is never heavy handed but comes '
              'alive through the superb acting of Chen and the magnificent '
              "singing of then 18-year old Zhou Xuan. Zhou's songs and Chen's "
              'trumpet playing and magic tricks give the film a warmth and '
              'playfulness that transcends the bleak conditions and makes it '
              'universal in its appeal.',
 'tt0184464': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Flying '
              'Crane.This movie is lousy but was a big box office hit in China '
              'because it was one of those earliest Hong Kong films allowed to '
              'be shown in China by the Chinese government at the beginning of '
              'the reform.',
 'tt0184562': 'The actual literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Wishing the Empress Dowager Well.Audience needs to know a '
              'little bit of Chinese history, and in particular, the history '
              'of the Qing Dynasty in order to understand the title of this '
              'movie.  Usually, when a subject greets the emperor, what should '
              "be said is: Wishing his majesty's reign lasts ten thousand "
              'years, however, due to the rigid traditional Confucian teaching '
              'that discriminated against women, this is only for man because '
              'women can not serve as officials in the imperial courts, they '
              'could only be the concubines or servants. Wishing the Empress '
              'or Empress Dowager well is greeting phrase for women only.',
 'tt0185028': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie, Gone '
              'forever with my love, is the exact depiction of how most felt '
              'about this movie, (no pun intended! but it is ironic).The only '
              'thing good about this movie is that it was among the first to '
              'explore the love triangle, not that such topic did not exist in '
              'Chinese movies before, but it was one of the first about the '
              'relationships that involves the couples living together before '
              'the marriage, which is not generally accepted in China because '
              'by then, such living arrangements also means having sex before '
              'being married).  The movie is cheesy, and boring in comparison '
              'to those made in Hollywood, but for Chinese standard, it '
              'already reached the threshold of tolerance.',
 'tt0185415': 'Both the director Jin Xie and the actor Mr. Ben-Shan Zhao are '
              'great in this movies that honestly depicts the problem of '
              'modern society: the traditional big family structure is broken '
              'down in the fast paced capitalist world in which everybody is '
              'concentrating on making money. Human relationship is never as '
              'close as it used to be, even for the members of small families '
              'typical in the modern world, who have the same feeling of the '
              "lonely old man.  Only the pet dog is at old man's side helped "
              'to reduce his loneliness.',
 'tt0185673': 'KUNG FU KID is a rather nondescript martial arts film from Hong '
              'Kong, made in the mid 1990s when wirework-infused action and '
              'complex, fast-paced narratives were all the rage. This is '
              'another film that uses the age-old story about Ching invaders '
              'and the destruction of the Shaolin Temple as the backdrop for '
              'the tale. Lam Ching-Ying plays an important Shaolin patriot who '
              'goes into hiding before striking up a friendship with a young '
              'martial artist, who must go undercover and put his life into '
              'danger.These 1990s Hong Kong action films are quite easy to '
              'enjoy thanks to the aforementioned fast pace and sheer '
              'overwhelming number of plot ingredients. However, the one thing '
              'noticeable about KUNG FU KID is the surprising lack of martial '
              "arts scenes; they're limited in scope and don't last very long "
              'when they do show up, which is why this film is forgotten amid '
              'more action-packed fare. There is some fun involving ninja '
              'assassins and poisoning, but too much of the tale gets bogged '
              'down in romantic interludes. Youthful star Kar Lok Chin is '
              'familiar from his minor work in a number of Jackie Chan movies.',
 'tt0188790': 'This masterpiece describes history honestly and everything in '
              'this masterpiece is based on the actual events that really '
              'happened more than a century ago. In fact, all characters in '
              'this film retained their original names.  Historical events and '
              'historical characters are very well played out.However, it '
              'would very foolish to dismiss this masterpiece as a simple '
              'historical docudrama because the film is actually advocating '
              'further reform in China by depicting something happened in the '
              'past.  Sadly, the reformers in current China, namely, those '
              'students and their sympathizers in the government, met the same '
              'fate of their predecessors more than a century ago (which was '
              'accurately depicted in the movie). How sad!',
 'tt0189219': 'Produced in 1948 prior to the Communist takeover in China, '
              'Spring in a Small Town is a lyrical depiction of the intense '
              'psychological rivalry between two friends for the love of one '
              'woman. Directed by Fei Mu and based on a short story by Li '
              'Tianji, the film dramatizes the emotional entanglement of four '
              'people, conveying an intense eroticism that is powerful and '
              'haunting. Dai Liyan (Shi Yu), and his wife Zhou Yuwen, '
              'magnificently portrayed by the alluring Wei Wei, live in his '
              "old family house with Liyan's teenage sister, Dai Xiu (Zhang "
              'Hongmei) and the family servant Lao Huang (Cui Chaoming). '
              "Because of Liyan's tuberculosis, they are forced to sleep in "
              'separate rooms. Yuwen is a loyal and devoted wife but is bored '
              'and prefers to spend her time embroidering or going for '
              'solitary walks along the top of the crumbling city wall. When '
              'Zhang Zhichen (Li Wei), a boyhood friend of Liyan who is now a '
              'doctor arrives from Shanghai, it is revealed that Yuwen was his '
              'childhood sweetheart when she was only sixteen. The tension '
              'becomes palpable as each character is forced to hide their true '
              'self and feelings are expressed only with glances, body '
              "language, mannerisms, and silence. Zhichen's arrival brings a "
              'spark of life to the moribund household and soon all are taking '
              'walks together, singing songs, and playing games. The '
              'relationship between Yuwen and Zhichen slowly becomes rekindled '
              "and is crystallized at Xiu's 16th birthday party when both have "
              'too much to drink. When Yuwen cuts her hand on broken glass '
              'after a struggle with Zhichen, however, a distressing event '
              "occurs that transforms everyone's life.Spring in a Small Town "
              'has an elegance and intimacy that I found lacking in the remake '
              "last year by Tian Zhuanghuang. By depicting events from Yuwen's "
              "point of view and adding a poetic voiceover, Mu's film brings "
              'us much closer to the characters. Spring in a Small Town did '
              'not receive immediate critical acclaim when it was released and '
              'Fei Mu was labeled a "rightist" and left for Hong Kong, never '
              'to make another film. The film only began to find its audience '
              'when the China Film Archive made a new print in the early 80s. '
              'Now many Chinese critics consider it the greatest Chinese film '
              'ever made. I certainly would not argue with that.',
 'tt0190887': 'Starting off with a pun may seem awkward, but please bear with '
              'us, since truly once in a blue moon and not more do avid '
              'cinemaphiles receive the honor of watching an elaborately smart '
              "package such as BJ Film Academy graduate Wang Quan An's Lunar "
              'Eclipse. From beginning to end, this movie projects an ability '
              'to convey its simple yet majestic premise with impeccable '
              'panache, unhindered by hyperbole and redolent of the comfort '
              'you feel when meeting a kindred stranger by happenstance. Soon '
              "enough you'll be elatedly anticipating the film's punchline "
              "plot, much like lovers completing each other's sentences.Lunar "
              'Eclipse runs the gamut of stereotypical mainland characters, '
              'each of its four protagonists familiar to residents on a daily '
              'basis. We start off with Ya Nan (sultry Yu Nan), '
              'socially-mobile Beijing sophisticate and ambassador of sweeping '
              'changes with her savvy, sharp outlook on life. She plans to '
              'marry sugar-daddy Guohao (Hu Xiaoguang), an entrepreneurial, '
              'affable and quick to spend Benz-equipped human gold mine the '
              'likes of which we all encounter at Suzie Wong et al, entourage '
              'of slender hotties in tow.Although the story initially fixes on '
              'these two, it swiftly becomes clear that Xiaobin (Wu Chao), '
              'Miandi-driving, foul mouthed nongcun caricature moonlighting as '
              'photographer, serves the purpose of gluing everything together. '
              'While infatuated with Ya Nan, he repeatedly recalls a '
              "mysterious KTV wild child juxtaposing the other woman's urbane "
              'civility while passing for her identical twin (hence also '
              'played by Yu Nan).In a fit of zen justice, once the two ladies '
              'cross paths reality re-asserts itself, taking the life of one '
              "and terminating Xiaobin's tenure as fateful nexus. On top of "
              'extolling its tale like a graceful bard, Lunar Eclipse manages '
              'several awesome camera tricks, for example, neon lights '
              "advancing on Guohao's luxury windshield as if aflame, "
              'indicating just how dispassionate his relationships with woman '
              'are (note editing credits belong to Bus 44 director Dayyan '
              'Eng).Hard to come by, Lunar Eclipse remains an untainted gem '
              'running circles around recent forays into similar areas, most '
              "notably last summer's Green Tea. Those in possession of a soul "
              'and craving criticism of their present existence must be '
              'compelled to buy a copy.Rating: * * * * ½',
 'tt0191889': "Seen in 2006, it's hard to appreciate just how progressive and "
              "utterly 'contemporary' this film was. The story on which it is "
              'based had just been published, and the topic, unlike the '
              'escapist entertainment of time, was a matter of immediate '
              'urgency. The village of silkworm growers was, in effect, a '
              'microcosm of the nation, showing the deleterious effects of '
              'imperialism, war, usury and their own superstitions and '
              'doggedly conservative resistance to the tide of modernity.The '
              'immediate background to the film is as follows: In the early '
              'thirties, the Jiangnan silk industry (in particular, in the '
              'counties of Zhejiang, Hangzhou, Hubei and Hunan) was in great '
              'danger. It had to compete with inflation, Japanese imports, '
              'competition from foreign fabrics, high interest rates and other '
              'market forces that could be manipulated by exploitative '
              'capitalists.*** Plot summary with Spoilers Ahead *** The film '
              'itself shows the family of Tong Bao in their efforts day and '
              'night, to keep silkworms. Tong Bao is a great believer in '
              'superstitions (such as judging a future harvest by the number '
              'of sprouting onion stalks) and a number of taboos. For '
              "instance, he prohibits his son from talking to a neighbour's "
              'daughter, called He Hua (Lotus Flower), because she is believed '
              'by the village to bring bad luck. In the season in question, '
              'Tong Bao borrows money at high interest in order to buy '
              'mulberry leaves for the silkworms. He envisages a bumper '
              'harvest. At the time of the cocoon harvest, war breaks out and '
              "silk production is at a standstill. He can't offload the "
              'cocoons and eventually must ship them a long way just to sell '
              'them at a loss.*** Plot summary ends *** This film was one of '
              'the first Leftist films to be produced. Though it bears '
              'elements of typical melodramas, at heart it was an enormous '
              'break from tradition. As such, it was quite a courageous '
              "experiment. (Incidentally, it didn't do very well at the box "
              'office when first released, but was highly praised by the '
              'Communist party when it came to power.) The film is sometimes '
              'almost documentary in style, like a Chinese Robert Flaherty, '
              'especially when it concentrates the camera on the details of '
              'silk production. At other times, the fluid camera movements '
              "recall the work of Murnau. As a mixture of genres, it's hard to "
              'say whether it is successful or not. Is it a documentary about '
              'the national condition that has been personalised through the '
              'lens of a single village or is it a socially-aware fiction? I '
              "think it succeeds more as the first. It's tone, even in spite "
              'of the dramatic aspects, is simple and unadorned. Through one '
              'story, that of an impoverished village, it thrusts forward that '
              'of China itself, impoverished and humiliated by foreign '
              'exploitation, military attack, and by its own superstitions and '
              'resistance to the modernisation of its industries.Seeing it '
              'now, seventy years later, its historical import is obvious. '
              "'Spring Silkworms' encapsulated so many of the problems "
              'plaguing Republican China and stands as a valuable historical '
              'document. As such, it retains an important humane aspect, '
              'firmly rooted in reality, an aspect long lost by the more '
              'propagandistic films that Chinese leftists produced later when '
              'further radicalised by a worsening national '
              'situation.Additional note: Though listed here as having a '
              "'mono' soundtrack, the film is in fact silent, with title "
              'cards. The DVD copy I viewed did have a musical track of no '
              'great merit.',
 'tt0192127': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'Dream of the Red Chamber.This movie is based on the famous 18th '
              'century Chinese novel with the same name, and that novel had '
              'been made into movies for several times.The movie was OK, but '
              'the box office disappointment proved that it was made at the '
              'wrong time: it was made in 1945, the year World War II ended '
              'and audience wanted something cheerful, but this novel/movie is '
              'a very tragic story and thus did not meet the taste of the '
              'public.',
 'tt0192177': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: the '
              'FamilyThe film is based on the novel written by the famous '
              'contemporary Chinese novelist Ba Jin, and although it was a '
              'great movie, it did not get the credit it should have because '
              'the era was during World War II.',
 'tt0192272': 'This film seems to have slipped through the festival cracks, '
              'but is a beautifully photographed and expertly acted treatise '
              'not only on bloodlust, revenge and, ultimately, regret; but on '
              'preconceived notions leading people (audience included) far '
              'more astray than they can imagine.Set during the collapse of '
              "the last Chinese Dynasty, the sole survivor of her family's "
              'massacre hires an assassin to murder the rival clan leader '
              "responsible for the slaughter.One of the film's many "
              "characteristic, but unpredictable twists is that the leader's "
              'son falls in love with her and "asks" that she come to their '
              'home to pose for a portrait, thereby bringing her into intimate '
              'contact with a family she professes to hate.No one in this film '
              'is what they seem, including the hired assassin who poses as '
              'her husband.If you can find it, see it.',
 'tt0192338': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is Mu-lan '
              'enlisting in the army.This movie is based on the famous Chinese '
              'folklore that is more than one and a half millennium old.  The '
              'same folklore was what the Disney animation Mulan is based on, '
              'and similarly, it was what many Chinese movies/operas/plays '
              'based on.This 1939 movie is one of the first movie made about '
              'our heroine that was with the sound.  It is much better than '
              'the 1927 silent movie of the same topic because the silent '
              'flick contained too much martial arts fighting scenes, while '
              'this one contains more drama.',
 'tt0192378': 'I am assuming that this is the film listed on the Internet '
              'Archive as "Bible for Girls", which has the same director and '
              'release date.This two and a half hour long film in a language '
              'in which only "Hallo" and "Hi" were understandable was somewhat '
              'challenging, and I have no real idea of what was going on. A '
              'young, smartly dressed couple in an expensive looking art deco '
              'apartment with traditional Chinese trimmings welcome a number '
              'of guests, mostly attractive young women in expensive outfits. '
              'An elderly man, dressed traditionally and sporting a beard, '
              'also arrives. Each of the women then tells a story: the wife '
              "who steals her husbands money (I wasn't sure whether she might "
              'be being paid for services rendered); the wife who gambled away '
              'all the family wealth; the wife whose husband contracted TB '
              '(presumably, since he coughed blood onto his handkerchief); the '
              'wife of the gangster (the car chase through the empty fields '
              'surrounding Shanghai was decently done, as was the shoot-out). '
              'From time to time the elderly gentleman commented. Having got '
              'their problems off their chests, everybody happily goes onto '
              'the balcony to watch a parade: from the lights on the '
              'buildings, it seemed like Christmas. Although long-winded and '
              'wordy, there was some decent acting and some very effective '
              'camera-work. This was a lifestyle which was soon going to come '
              'to an end.',
 'tt0192665': 'I made the mistake of buying the film off Amazon.com. Please do '
              'NOT do so. The film is not gated correctly and 1/3rd of the '
              'image is cut off, plus there is no soundtrack. This is probably '
              'the reason this film is rated so poorly by IMDb reviewers here. '
              'I rate it 10 because it deserves a 10 artistically and '
              'creatively as a film. The version to get of The Peach Girl is '
              'sold off the San Francisco Silent Film Festival website with '
              'the Donald Sosin soundtrack, a lovely one, though for some '
              "reason toward the end it sounds a bit warped in spots; I don't "
              'know why. This print is gated correctly, though still a bit '
              'rough going in terms of visuals; the print has a lot of wear. '
              'However if you are the kind of person who can see the diamond '
              'here hiding underneath the rough, and wish to see one of the '
              "most beautiful Chinese silent films ever made, then don't miss "
              'The Peach Girl.Lingyu Ruan was so beautiful and evocative as '
              'the peasant girl whose life is symbolic of the peach trees in '
              'the countryside where she lives. She falls in love with the son '
              'of the rich woman who owns the property she and her father and '
              'mother toil on, but is betrayed by him when she gets pregnant '
              'out of wedlock. Yan Jin gives an incredible performance as the '
              'son; his face was expressive and emotional and brings depth to '
              'his role. You feel his agony as his mother locks him in his '
              'room for months so that he cannot go find his lost love and '
              'make it right by her.The title cards are in Chinese and '
              'English, and many have decorative backgrounds, always a plus '
              'for me when I watch silent films. It adds visual interest to '
              'the story.The Peach Girl (1931) and The Goddess (1934) are the '
              'easiest available silent films showcasing the loveliness of '
              '"the Chinese Garbo", Lingyu Ruan, and both are worthy of your '
              'time and interest. It is so tragic that she committed suicide '
              'so young. What wonderful performances we were deprived of!',
 'tt0192679': 'In love with revolutionary hero Jin (Leslie Cheung) and '
              'desperate to find a way to keep him alive and safe, Qiuqiu (Mei '
              'Ting) risks everything to contact an American doctor, (Todd '
              'Babcock) and beg for the medicine he needs. But when the good '
              'doctor, Robert Payne, falls for the mysterious young woman, he '
              'catches the attention of the authorities in their search for '
              'Jin. As the manhunt closes in, and Payne realizes his desire to '
              'help this girl may have been the ruin of everything she fights '
              'for.This was a pivotal film in the history of Chinese cinema. '
              'It is the first widely released mainland Chinese film developed '
              'with Western screenwriters (there are more than one credited '
              "Western writer on the film). It's the first mainland Chinese "
              'film shot with 80% of its dialog in English. The acting may not '
              'be sublime, but the film resonates with passion. Director Ye '
              "Daying's other seminal work, Red Cherries, likewise carries a "
              'powerful subject, and brings it to light in his unique way. I '
              'like this film.Another reviewer wanted to liken it Casablanca, '
              'and seemed angry that it fell short. But it is not a Western '
              'film. The American is not the hero walking off into a dramatic '
              'sunset. In this film, America is a spectator to a love that '
              'plays out in the quest for a new dawn in a country wrapped in '
              'turmoil. Taken on its own terms, it is easy to see why this '
              'film has won so many awards from countries around the world. '
              "But please, don't expect Casablanca.",
 'tt0192826': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The New '
              'and the Old Shanghai.Audience needs to know a little '
              'contemporary Chinese history first: Shanghai is and was the '
              'largest city in China, and it is and was the richest city in '
              'China also.  Shanghai was one of first Chinese cities opened up '
              'to the west and foreign capitals made it most economically '
              "advanced place in China.  The 1920's and 1930's are the golden "
              'era of Shanghai and its booming economy is consisted of both '
              'the modern and the traditional (which lasted hundreds of '
              'years), and this movie is made to compare the old and new, not '
              'only in economical aspect, but also more importantly, in the '
              'social aspect.',
 'tt0192842': 'What a ride! Multiple betrayals. Chases on horseback. Scenes '
              'out of Schiller. Bad guys identified with mustaches. Good guys '
              'with beards or clean shaven. Heroic women. Dastardly villains. '
              'Silly villains. Even a disgruntled sidekick for comic effect. A '
              'rare chance to see Ruan Ling-yu, whose short life and cruel '
              'death gave Stanley Kwan his film, Center Stage.We see lovers '
              'and friends betraying and betrayed, a society whose corruption '
              'has a Felix-The-Cat simplicity, a bureaucracy flawed by '
              'nepotism and cruel whim. It is China in 1931 as interpreted by '
              'a Hollywood-influenced Chinese film industry. If we look '
              'between the frames we can see a piece of the future as one '
              'would wish it to be, with goodness sleeping somewhere in every '
              'human heart.But we cannot help but know better. It is before '
              'Manchukuo, before the civil war, before Nanking, before the '
              'Great Leap Forward, before The Cultural Revolution.The film is '
              'mostly just escapist fun, but the context, and we can sense the '
              "context, and the future, from Ruan Ling-yu's suicide to China's "
              'half-century of unimaginable suffering, make this moment of fun '
              'worthy of reverence.',
 'tt0192845': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Colorful '
              'History the Movies.Audience needs to know a little about the '
              'Chinese culture: in Chinese, the phrase "Colorful history" '
              'usually means the history of affairs, though not necessarily '
              "sexual, at least not explicitly sexual, at least for the 1920's "
              "and early 1930's.This movie is a classic example in the early "
              'Chinese movie industry in that it is one of the few (Probably '
              'the only one) social satires made in the pre-revolutionary era '
              'China, and it targeted the Chinese movie itself, also a first '
              'of its kind in China.',
 'tt0195256': 'One of the most important productions of the golden age of '
              'Chinese films because of its symbolism was director Wu '
              'Yonggang\'s first endeavor,"The Goddess" (Shennu). The title of '
              'the film was the Shanghai way of describing a woman who sells '
              'her body. Ruan plays a prostitute who uses her earnings to '
              'support and educate her son. The heroine is forced to enter the '
              'oldest of professions, as it is the only way for her and her '
              'child to survive and to provide for his education. More than '
              'any other film, "The Goddess" captures the misery and '
              'hopelessness of China at the time. Ruan is the symbol of '
              "China's suffering. Only as a prostitute could she support her "
              'child and give him an education. "The Goddess" was a '
              'breakthrough for the director Wu in his sympathetic depiction '
              'of a prostitute. He used montage to portray Shanghai at night. '
              'He also shows that she was moral, but evil forces were the '
              'cause of her plight. A new DVD with English inter-titles and a '
              'beautiful piano score by Kevin Purrone is available from The '
              'San Francisco Silent Film Festival (www.silentfilm.org). My new '
              'book "Ruan Ling-yu: The Goddess of Shanghai" published by Hong '
              'Kong University Press tells the tragic story of Ruan Ling-yu.',
 'tt0195260': 'The literal translation of this title is actually: At the '
              'Crossroads, instead of Crossroads.The movie gives a very '
              'precise description of the difficult lives of the common '
              "Chinese citizens in the late 1930's China, which could not "
              'escape the Great Depression world wide.  Furthermore, the '
              'problem was compounded by the fact that China was at war '
              'already, before other major western powers such as UK and '
              'USA.What is interesting is that the similar situation is '
              'repeating itself in China today, despite the fact that Chinese '
              'economy is booming and there China is not suffering from '
              'neither the war nor the economic depression, and this is '
              'depicted in the sequel made in 2001, more than half a century '
              'later, titled At New Crossroads (Xin Shizi Jietou), and '
              'audience should compare two.',
 'tt0195402': 'This movie was labeled by communists as "progressive" and by '
              'the nationalists government as "reactionary".The movie gives a '
              'realistic depiction of the destitute of those who lived at '
              'bottom of the society, which could be viewed as a combination '
              'of The Wrath of the Grapes and A Tree in Brooklyn, Chinese '
              'version:  the live was harsh at the countryside so they went to '
              'join the relatives in the cities, only to find the urban life '
              'is equally harsh due to unemployment and layoffs.The movie has '
              'absolutely no political motives, just a plain simple depiction '
              'of the harsh post World War II living conditions in China, but '
              'when the communists and nationalists were at war, the movie is '
              'interpreted as their own will and resulted in its tragic fate.',
 'tt0199027': 'SUNG DYNASTY WARRIORS is a historical war epic from mainland '
              'China. The limited budget is apparent in the cheap-looking '
              'cameras that the crew uses but otherwise this is quite eventful '
              'and has a wealth of fight action to see it through. It did '
              'remind me more than a little of the old DYNASTY WARRIORS video '
              'game series. A bunch of rebels fight back against corrupt court '
              'officials and lots of reasonably-shot skirmishes play out '
              'between rival forces. At least half of the running time is made '
              'up of tournament scenes in which rival fighters battle it out '
              'with outlandish-looking weapons and the like. The costumes are '
              "colourful and the weapons utilised are larger than life. It's "
              'not exactly a classic - it lacks the kind of superb action '
              "choreography such a classic would need - but it's quite "
              'watchable, which is more than can be said for a lot of mainland '
              'films.',
 'tt0199354': 'Bu jian bu san: 7.5/10The English title for this Chinese movie '
              'is "Be There or Be Square". It covers the lives of two Chinese '
              'immigants to the USA, how they struggle to fit in the new '
              'culture, with more passive violence and the like. The two get '
              "separated several times, and it's hard to tell if they'll ever "
              'become romantically involved. The movie goes to and from being '
              'a comedy, with the man responsible for most comedic parts, but '
              'it stays true to the romance theme. This is a simple movie, but '
              'the acting of both leads is tremendous and this has the '
              'typically patient build of Asian romances, and is in no way '
              'predictable. Good stuff.',
 'tt0200121': 'This movie should be classified in the Action category, and it '
              'is another joint project of Hong Kong-China.  This martial arts '
              'flick ride on the success of the previous Hong Kong-China joint '
              'project Shao Lin Temple shot in 1979, starting with Jet Li, and '
              'it actually was not that bad, and in fact, better than most '
              'Hong Kong and Taiwan martial art flicks.The reason of this '
              'movie is better in comparison to others was because like Shao '
              'Lin Temple shot earlier, Chinese martial arts athletes were '
              'used instead of professional actors, so that the fighting '
              'scenes were as real as it could get, while those Hong Kong and '
              'Taiwan flicks were full of fake moves because movie stars were '
              'used instead of the professional martial arts athletes.  The '
              'drawback is also obvious: since there was no famous movie stars '
              'in this movie, the public reaction was not as great, it was '
              'difficult to find professional martial arts athletes who were '
              'also movie stars but nonetheless, the movie deserves some great '
              'points.',
 'tt0200292': 'This movie is based on the famous martial arts novel of the '
              'same name, which is also turned into a radio show, and '
              'cartoon.If you want to see some real actions, then this is the '
              'one.  Unlike other Taiwanese and Hong Kong martial arts flicks '
              'which employs actors instead of martial arts athletes simply to '
              'boost fame, this movie employs real martial arts athletes so '
              'all actions are real, there is no cranes, no cables and no '
              'special effects, and like Jakie Chan movie, the fighting '
              'requires the actual contact of the bodies, and only very light '
              'protective pads are allowed, and for most of time, there was '
              'none, so the fights were as realistic as they can be.',
 'tt0201963': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The love '
              'and hate of Mount Tai.Mount Tai is a famous tourist spot in '
              'China and in reality, it is a symbol of peace and tranquility, '
              'and it is worshiped by both the Taoism and Buddhism.However, '
              'the mountain was depicted in the martial arts novels as the '
              'place of bloody fights because most martial arts rooted from '
              'Taoism and Buddhism and the authors used their imagination to '
              'exaggerate, and in most cases, dream up martial arts fights.To '
              'use a symbol of peace and tranquility as a the setting of '
              'bloody fights like those martial arts novel is really an insult '
              'to the holy place.',
 'tt0202122': 'The actual name of the movie is Wu Song and Pan Jinlian instead '
              'of Wu Song and Pan JianLin.  Jin means Golden, while Lian means '
              'Lotus, Golden Lotus is a very common name for Chinese '
              'females.This movie is based on one chapter in Water Margin of '
              'Mount Liang, one of three the famous Ming dynasty novels.  Wu '
              'Song is the martial arts experts and Pan Jin-Lian is his '
              'sister-in-law.  This chapter has been written into TV, movie, '
              'Peking Opera and radio show, and in the case of TV and movie, '
              'it was produced more than once.Of all the productions, this '
              'movie is worst of all, it is concentrated on sound because it '
              'is the sounded version of the silent version made in 1927, How '
              'Wu Song killed his sister-in-law.  Everything else is ignored, '
              'so either watch the silent version or the TV series instead.',
 'tt0205107': 'National Customs was the last film that Ruan Lingyu made, and '
              "it is dedicated to her memory. After her swansong in 'New "
              "Women', with its real-life parallels, this film comes like an "
              'afterthought, more akin to Xiao Wanyi (Small Toys) which, as it '
              'happens, also co-starred Li Lili. These two actress play '
              'sisters, Zhang Tao and Zhang Lan, both graduates from Middle '
              'School, who are considering what to do with their education. '
              'They wind up continuing their education in Shanghai, where '
              'Zhang Lan (Ruan Lingyu) pursues her studies in a Spartan '
              'fashion, while her younger sister plays around and learns all '
              "about 'being modern', which seems to consist of wearing makeup "
              'and alluring clothes, as well as a freer approach to '
              'interaction between the sexes. It is here that the theme of the '
              "'New Life' movement pops up. This movement was initiated in "
              '1934 by Chiang Kai-shek with the aim of returning China to '
              'Confucian social ethics by the rejection of Western-styled '
              "individualism and indulgence. As the film goes on, the 'modern' "
              "versus the 'traditional' society comes to be embodied in the "
              'disagreements between the sisters.While ably supported by the '
              'rest of the cast (including several familiar faces from the '
              'Shanghai film industry), the stars of the show are Ruan Lingyu '
              'and Li Lili. They have been very well cast and use their '
              'talents appropriately.The plot, while tending towards melodrama '
              'in the early stages, quickly turns to social issues which were '
              'of mounting importance for Republican China. In its attitudes, '
              'the film becomes an interesting time-capsule of the New Life '
              'era, and it is probably more important as a historical document '
              'than as simple entertainment. The print used for the DVD I '
              "viewed wasn't in bad condition, but the transfer was quite "
              'blurred in places. Perhaps in the future a better version can '
              'be produced. But as with many films of that era, one must be '
              'glad that they have survived at all.',
 'tt0206313': "IT's a typical Chinese 90's family story. Zhao Li Rong gave her "
              'warm and real-life style performance in this movie, BTW which '
              "is the top comedian in china through all 90s' until 2000(that's "
              "the year of her death). it's a story of family's dilemma "
              'between different family member especially between 2 '
              'generations which erupted on "chu xi"(the day before the first '
              'day in Chinese lunar year).though it\'s called "GUO NIAN" '
              "(spring festival), don't watch on that day. it does not feel "
              'very happy or new year. but overall this film worth watching.',
 'tt0206442': 'Ever since it was conceived by French writer Gaston Leroux in '
              'his novel, "The Phantom of the Opera", the tale of a disfigured '
              'musical genius who roams the Opera house has become one of the '
              'most famous horror stories of all, and the inspiration of many '
              'films. Without a doubt, the most famous of those films was '
              'Rupert Julian\'s "The Phantom of the Opera", produced by '
              'Universal studios in 1925 with Lon Chaney as the Phantom. That '
              "classic adaptation would be one of Universal's biggest hits of "
              'all time, and not only in America, as literally in every '
              'country it was shown it became very popular. In one of its '
              'showings, the film was seen by a young Chinese filmmaker named '
              "Weibang Ma-Xu, whom fascinated by Chaney's performance, "
              'conceived his very own version of the story and titled it "Ye '
              'Ban Ge Sheng", literally, "A Song at Midnight".The story is set '
              'in an old theater, where many important actors performed once, '
              'but that now is abandoned as rumor says that the ghost of '
              'famous singer Song Dangping (Shan Jin) roams the place. One '
              'night, an acting troupe arrives, hoping to have success in such '
              'a famous theater. However, they all end up disappointed when '
              'they see the sad state of disuse in which the theater is right '
              'now. Despite this, they begin the preparations for their debut, '
              'and young singer Sun Xiaoou (Chau-Shui Yee) is chosen to play '
              'the lead. Xiaoou retires to practice alone, as he has troubles '
              "to sing the part correctly, and it's at this moment when he "
              'hears the ghost of Song Dangping, who appears to teach him how '
              'to sing. With the aid of the ghost, Xiaoou is a success, but '
              'when he tries to thank his master, he discovers the secret '
              'behind the ghost of Song Dangping.As written above, director '
              'Weibang Ma-Xu wrote "Ye Ban Ge Sheng" as a reinterpretation of '
              '"The Phantom of the Opera"\'s story, however, he only took the '
              'concept of the deformed musical genius and created his very own '
              'tale out of it. "A Song at Midnight" is essentially, a tragic '
              'romance with horror elements, as the plot focuses on the '
              "Phantom's inability to be with the woman he loves (played by "
              'Ping Hu) and his decision to use his disciple to interact with '
              "the world he lost. It's a really fresh take on the concept, as "
              'it truly keeps the spirit of the story while at the same time '
              'adapting it to the Chinese culture. Ma-Xu plays skillfully with '
              'mystery and suspense, as he unfolds the details of the story '
              "with the care of an artisan. It's pretty obvious that he loved "
              'the concept a lot, as his development of both plot and '
              'characters is remarkably good.Interestingly, the idea of the '
              "story wasn't the only thing Ma-Xu adapted from Western "
              'film-making, the style Ma-Xu uses in "A Song at Midnight" is '
              'also clearly inspired by Universal horror movies of the 20s and '
              'the 30s (mainly "Frankenstein" and "Dracula"). With the '
              'excellent cinematography by Boqing Xue and Xingsan Yu, together '
              'with a slightly expressionist set design, director Ma-Xu '
              'creates an ominous gloomy atmosphere of mystery and magic that '
              'really sets the mood for this story of horror and romance (most '
              'of the scenes are set at night). Naturally, the film has many '
              'limitations due to budgetary reasons, however, Weibang Ma-Xu '
              'inventively manages to create a very powerful film that looks '
              'great despite his limited resources. I also must say that the '
              'work of make-up for this Phantom is simply excellent.The cast '
              'is pretty effective in their performances, and despite the '
              "natural melodrama of the story, there's little overacting in "
              'the film. In his debut on film, Chau-Shui Yee (who would become '
              'a big star in the 40s) is very good as the young Sun Xiaoou, '
              'and while he looks a bit wooden at times, he truly had a '
              'natural presence in front of the camera. As the tragic '
              'anti-hero Sing Dangping (Shan Jin) is simply excellent, '
              'managing both the fearsome and the vulnerable sides of his '
              "character with a great ease and control. It's impossible to "
              'know if the singing voices of their characters are those of '
              'Shan Jin and Chau-Shui Yee, but their work is simply masterful. '
              "Ping Hu plays Li Xiaoxia, Sang Dangping's lover, and while she "
              'looks beautiful in her role, she is prone to overacting just a '
              "bit too much for her own sake, although it's not really a "
              'problem.While an interesting example for early Chinese horror, '
              '"Ye Ban Ge Sheng" is sadly far from being a masterpiece, as '
              'there are several details that prevent this film from being '
              "perfect. Contrary to what could be expected, the film's main "
              'problem is not caused by the low budget, but by the strange '
              'pace the film has at times. What I mean is that often the story '
              'flows at a good pace but suddenly it gets slowed by long scenes '
              'of Chinese opera that, while of great beauty (and very '
              'interesting to foreigners), damage the pace the story has and '
              'can be boring to people not expecting this (In a way similar to '
              'Universal\'s 1943 remake of "The Phantom of the Opera"). Other '
              'than that, the movie is an excellent Chinese entry into the '
              'early horror genre, and those with a fondness for Universal '
              'horror films from the 30s will find a movie very much akin to '
              'their tastes.Sadly, when it was initially released, "A Song at '
              'Midnight" struggled to be taken seriously because Chinese '
              'critics considered it was "too American" for a Chinese film. '
              'Fortunately, audiences reacted better and it is now one of the '
              'most famous horror films in the country (so much that Ma-Xu '
              'directed a sequel in the 40s, the Shaw brothers made a remake '
              'in the 60s, and recently Ronny Yu has done another version in '
              'the 90s). Fans of Asian cinema, this movie was the beginning of '
              'all. 8/10',
 'tt0206443': 'The actual literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Songs at Midnight, the Sequel.Well, the first and most '
              'important question one must ask is: What in the world was the '
              'director and the movie studio thinking? Were they completely '
              'out of their minds?Giving the unsuccessful experience of the '
              'original, Songs at Midnight (Ye Ban Ge Sheng) made four years '
              'earlier in 1937, anyone in their correct state of mind would '
              'know that it would be extremely stupid to make sequel because '
              'by 1941, the war was expanded and hence, much more horrible '
              'than when it was in 1937, and not surprisingly, this movie '
              'resulted in the same fate like its predecessor.',
 'tt0206738': 'This is the second attempt in the Chinese film industry of '
              'making one of the greatest contemporary Chinese novel by one of '
              'the greatest contemporary Chinese novelist Ba Jin.  The film '
              'has the same name as the novel, and the literal translation of '
              'the title is Family.  This time, the film got the credit it '
              'should because it was no longer war time.',
 'tt0207964': 'Accompanying the rapid development thanks to the reform, the '
              'newly accumulated wealth also created different strata in '
              'Chinese society and those who are less fortunate could not '
              'enjoy the abundant material wealth like the rich ones and they '
              'just want to live a peaceful life that is not luxurious but '
              'enough to survive.  This film reflects this voice of the less '
              'disadvantaged class.',
 'tt0209189': 'It might be a good idea to show this film in all schools in the '
              "`civilised' world! This is, anyway, a delightful story for all "
              'the family, hugely enjoyable, simply and lovingly told, and '
              'with just the most marvellous little Chinese girl imaginable! '
              'She has to stand in for the local schoolmaster who very '
              'definitely must go and visit his mother who is ill and dying. '
              'He leaves her in the middle of about twenty kids only a couple '
              'of years younger than herself to get on with the job as best '
              'she can, so as to earn 50 yuan in a school which is falling '
              'apart.Now you might think that such a building could not '
              'possibly be a schoolhouse in remote rural China, or anywhere '
              'else. I assure you I have seen such schools \x96 and not in '
              'such remote areas \x96 in Indonesia, India, Afghanistan and in '
              'what was Portuguese Timor. Even here in Spain, in rural '
              'villages high up in the sierras, my wife has worked in schools '
              'in little villages where either the floorboards were rotting '
              'under her feet in front of the blackboard, or the plumbing did '
              'not work, or the lights did not switch on when you wanted them '
              'to, or the wood-burning stove in the middle of the room gave '
              'off billows of smoke so that you had to open the windows \x96 '
              'with 10ºC below zero outside, or the window panes had no putty '
              'in them, and so on. And this, only a few years ago, in a '
              'modern, civilised European country.Minzhi Wei playing the part '
              'of Wei Minzhi, who is herself with her own name (in Chinese the '
              'surname is put first) is a thirteen year old who will never '
              'make it to Hollywood, but is just the most beautiful school '
              'mistress you could imagine! I will not say anything about the '
              'story: you can see it for yourself. This young girl had to do '
              'it all \x96 she is barely ever off the screen. Yimou Zhang has '
              'given us a little gem, a beautiful story, with such wonderful '
              'participation by all those children, as well as the fine '
              "photography and Bao San's occasional accompanying music.\n"
              "How nice to see a lovely story so naturally told! Can't we do "
              'things like this in Europe and the USA without it being all '
              'violence or overladen commercialism for the hungry masses? '
              "Can't we tell a real human story without all the technological "
              "special effects? Can't we make honest cinema\x85"
              '\x85'
              '\x85'
              '.?',
 'tt0209510': 'As others who have seen this film have noted, the ending is '
              'rather ambiguous, with seemingly nothing resolved other than '
              'the two sisters and their mother getting back together. That is '
              'because there was a sequel, "Zaisheng Hua" (Reborn Blossoms), '
              'which has not survived. The two parts were filmed together in '
              '1933, then released as two movies in 1934 and 1935. Does it '
              'count as a spoiler to divulge the ending of a movie that no '
              "longer exists? I'll risk it: when the sisters get back to the "
              "warlord's mansion, they learn that the warlord's spies have "
              'located the rebel forces mentioned in part one, and he has left '
              'with his army to launch a surprise attack. Then a new character '
              'shows up looking for Erbao, none other than the rebel '
              'commander. Toward the end of part one, Erbao mentions that she '
              "had once arranged a marriage for herself, but her father's own "
              'ambitions forced her to break it off and marry the warlord. '
              'Well, guess who the rebel commander is? Anyway, Erbao becomes '
              'much more of an activist in the sequel, helping the rebels '
              'overthrow the warlord and reuniting with her lost first love. '
              'Casting note: the rebel commander in the sequel was played by '
              "Dan Zhao, a newcomer at the time who became one of China's top "
              'stars in a career that lasted into the 1960s.',
 'tt0210677': "Li Yang, China's most notorious motivational speaker, teaches "
              'English throughout China in a most peculiar way. He does it the '
              '"Crazy English" way.The documentary bearing the same name as '
              'his teaching method follows Li Yang around China while he '
              'teaches ordinary American-English phrases to groups massed in '
              'squares, streets and parks, and even troops massed on the Great '
              'Wall.Zhang Yuan\'s "Crazy English" presents a new type of '
              'Chinese nationalism, and not in a pejorative way. He and Li '
              'Yang openly encourage the export of Chinese culture, stating '
              'that by learning the language of the West, you can penetrate '
              'the Western World. Overall, the political tone is similar to '
              'Zhang\'s "Seventeen years", neither pro-, nor anti-Beijing. '
              'What may be perceived as slight tones of propaganda lacks '
              'political involvement. The type of nationalism presented here '
              'is uniquely cultural and linguistic, and encourages the Chinese '
              'to be proud of their culture and language. Formerly-banned '
              'Zhang produces a mixture of comedy, information and school '
              'lessons that will appeal to both Chinese and Anglo-Saxon '
              'audiences. "Be crazy every minute, everyday, everywhere!"',
 'tt0210916': 'The story is simple. Only it is not. A son is taking over the '
              'postman job of his father, who is forced to retirement due to '
              'arthritis. And on his first day of job, the father walks along '
              'to show him the rope (literally). The job is simple, they walk '
              'uphill 80 kilometers a day for two days, and back down 80 '
              'kilometers on the third day, dropping off and picking up mails '
              'in the villages along the way. Yet the job is not that simple '
              "at all, the postman's job involves a lot more than just simply "
              'delivering mail, he also need to know the relationships amoung '
              'the villagers by heart. The story revolves around the '
              'relationship between the father and son. It is not a rebellion '
              'relationship typically seen in western movies, the son already '
              'appreciates the sacrifice his father has to make, considering '
              'the father is one of the only few literates in the area, yet he '
              'spents almost 30 years delivering mail on foot, often away from '
              "home for months - it is a great sacrifice (there's a scene late "
              'in the film which the son tells his father what needs to be '
              'done in their own village, and you realize that the father has '
              'been away from home for so long that he knows little about it). '
              'But this time, the son truely experiences and understands the '
              'difficulty of the job. The last few scenes of the film tells '
              'that even though the father may not have spend much time with '
              'his son, he could trust no one but him for the job, and you '
              'understand why his son, who could probably spent his life in '
              'the cities, takes his job at the beginning of the '
              'film.Sometimes funny, but mostly touching, the subtle but deep '
              'bond between the father and son is very well acted.Great '
              'cinematagraphy, well suited for the subtle tone of the '
              'film.There are many little bits that would be lost to the '
              'westerners if translated in English. For example, the Chinese '
              'title of the film is "Those Mountains, Those People, That Dog", '
              'refering to their trusted family dog, a constant companion on '
              'the road. The name of the dog (in English dub is apparently '
              'Bingo), is "Lao Er", an often used term to descript the second '
              'son of the family. Even so, if it had a wider release in the '
              'states, I truely believe that it would win a lotta awards.',
 'tt0215369': 'On the basis of the preview I\'d seen, I went to "Shower" '
              'expecting a sweet little comedy; what I found was a profoundly '
              'touching drama of family life told in some of the most lush '
              "photographic images I've ever been privileged to see.  In "
              'addition, later reflection made me appreciate the abrupt cuts '
              'to scenes from the past (in the arid countryside of Northern '
              "China, and in the high plain of Tibet): isn't this how memory "
              "often works?  One moment I'm here, the next I'm in a landscape "
              'from the past, just like that....I would not only strongly '
              'recommend this film, I would place it among the two or three '
              "finest films I've seen in my 60 years.By the way, a couple of "
              'years ago another Asian "comedy" was released in the United '
              'States as "Shall We Dance?" (Japanese).  Just as with "Shower," '
              'the preview gave not the slightest indication of the depth of '
              'that film, which turned out to be a subtle psychological study '
              '(albeit chock full of funny moments).  Is there a fear, on the '
              'part of distributors, of making films appear too "important" or '
              '"deep" to appeal to U. S. viewers?',
 'tt0217681': 'When I got this movie, I just thought it would be like the rest '
              'of other gay movies, or even worse since there was only one '
              'actor in the movie that I could recognize. With that thought I '
              'did not really watch this movie carefully when I watched it for '
              'the first time. All I was searching for was how sexual this '
              'movie could be. Well, unfortunately this movie was not that '
              'sexual at all, well..at least compared to a lot of french or '
              'Spanish movies or even "QAF" and "The L Word". So I left this '
              'movie with dust for a quite long time. But when I lately '
              'checked this movie out again, I found I actually really under '
              'rated this movie. This movie is actually quite close to the '
              'real life of people. Though the performance of some actors is '
              'not that professional, but it actually makes this movie even '
              'much closer to the real side of life. The pace of the movie is '
              'just peaceful and slow. There is no that intense dramatic scene '
              'either. But maybe just because it is so close to the real life, '
              'so you can easily get yourself connected to the scenes in the '
              'movie. I would say when you watch this movie, you will not feel '
              'that this movie talks about homosexuals at all. That is '
              'actually quite interesting since Homosexuality actually is what '
              'this movie is supposed to be about. So, go to watch this movie, '
              'and take the vision how the director used in this movie to look '
              'at homosexuals, then you will find, actually, it is simply just '
              'about natural attraction.',
 'tt0221723': 'An impressive and very ambitious production about the rise and '
              'fall of dictator Yuan Shikai (1913-1916). Also some pretty good '
              'acting from Zhang Yu and Wang Xingang. Brilliant photo and the '
              'lighting is very carefully done. Very true as far as to '
              'costumes, props etc.',
 'tt0223998': 'User "zzmale" commented on the fact that this movie showed the '
              'dark side of Chinese culture. True, Chinese culture, like all '
              'other cultures, have good points and bad points. What this '
              'movie also shows is the dark side of Western culture in that it '
              'is wrong for outsiders to interfere with the development of '
              "Chinese culture.Just because you don't like something or "
              'because we mistreat our women, it does not give you the "right" '
              'to invade our country in order to spread your "freedom or '
              'democracy". It does not give you the right to kill our people, '
              'destroy our culture and force us to be Christians.This movie '
              'illustrates the sufferings of the Chinese people in the 19th '
              'and early 20th century when it got invaded by various foreign '
              "powers, first the Western army then the Japanese. It's a "
              "miracle that China didn't fragment into various pieces like the "
              'Middle East. Look what happened when the Otterman empire was '
              'destroyed and broken up into small countries; today it is a '
              'complete basket case.Western audiences need to watch movies '
              'like this and learn from it. Current wars in Afghanistan and '
              'Iraq and possible future wars involving Iran and Pakistan '
              "showed that the Western powers haven't really learned anything "
              'from the past. Different faces but still the same modus '
              'operandi.',
 'tt0227366': 'Lu Wenting is a mother and a hard working eye-doctor in early '
              '60s socialist China. She is an outstanding surgeon and a '
              'devoted socialist, but she feels that she is not fulfilling all '
              'her duties as a mother and a wife. Both work and family is '
              'demanding and after 18 years of hard work she falls ill and '
              'ends up as a patient in her own hospital and is forced to '
              'reflect on her life and work. The film is the archetype of a '
              'socialist movie with an all good hero protagonist, but the film '
              'also raises the question of if it is worth to sacrifice '
              'everything for society and whether personal dreams and '
              'aspirations have a place in such a sacrificial life. The film '
              'won the "Golden Rooster" and "Hundred Flowers" awards in China '
              'in 1983 for best film. I guess anyone who have experienced '
              'socialist China during the 60s and 70s would be moved by this '
              'story, and this is the audience the film was made for. Its not '
              'a bad film and the acting is very good, as is the music. And I '
              'love the tinted colors of the film, light and soft, probably '
              'due to bad quality.\n'
              'Directed by Wang Qimin and Sun Yu Cast: Pan Hong and Da '
              'Shichang',
 'tt0227844': 'The actual literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Wild Grass and Fresh Flowers, instead of Wild Flowers (Boy, did '
              'early Chinese film industry really need translators).Put aside '
              'the poor attempt of the translation of the title of this movie, '
              'it is actually all right because the hidden message behind the '
              'scene is actually quite positive in that it criticized the '
              'dross of the traditional culture, such as the discrimination '
              'against the women in the rigid and strict Confucian '
              'teachings.Although what this movie advocated is far ahead of '
              'its time, and thus meet the not so successful fate like other '
              'pioneers, it nonetheless deserves some credit for taking one of '
              'the first steps.',
 'tt0229539': "I really don't get why this movie only got 5.3 and all you "
              'lousy comment posters have to really bash on this movie. This '
              "is actually the opposite, it's better than most of the crap "
              'Hollywood is throwing at us!Acting: Decent actors, but Paul '
              "Kersey's death screams when his plane was about to crash really "
              'distracted me from the film. Jing Ling is much better looking '
              'than Ziyi Zhang in my opinion.Directing: My dad is familiar '
              'with Chinese film and says that the director is well-known and '
              'renowned in China (aside from Yimou Zhao, of course).Sound: '
              "So-so. It's not spectacular but not absolutely horrible at the "
              'same time. But, the music score is AWESOME (it melted my '
              'heart).Picture Quality: Honestly, I thought that this film was '
              "made in the 70's (lol). Anyway, it added to the atmosphere in "
              'some way.Overview: Great film for romance buffs and maybe will '
              'attract the war movie fanatics. The people who made this film '
              'really put effort in this film and it shows. It might not be a '
              'classic, but it really sinks into your heart. It digs deep into '
              'human emotions.',
 'tt0230290': 'Mr. You Ge is one of the most famous actors in China, and he is '
              'famous for being like the Chinese equivalent of Jim Carrey, as '
              'well as the Chinese equivalent of Gary Cooper.Mr. You Ge is '
              'like Jim Carrey in that both are famous for playing comic '
              'characters, but Mr. You Ge is also like Gary Cooper in that '
              'both are excellent in playing common people turned '
              'unintentional heroes.  This movie, steel meets fire, is a close '
              'example to the latter, but yet, not quite identical to the '
              'latter.  The hero was already in the making and audience can '
              'pretty much figure it out.  However, Mr. You Ge proved that he '
              'is adequate for the job.',
 'tt0235060': 'In my country you can "rent" DVD and VHS movies for free at the '
              'local libraries. One day I visited my local library and picked '
              'out a few random dvds and went home to have a movie '
              'marathon-weekend. One of these dvds was "The Road Home". By '
              "looking at the cover, I didn't think this was a movie for me, "
              'but anyhow I started watching it late at night. After the first '
              'few minutes had passed I thought it looked like a pretty boring '
              'movie. The first scenes are shot in black and white from a snow '
              'covered little village somewhere in the Chinese wilderness... I '
              'quickly decided to turn it off and hit the bed. The next day I '
              'had little to do. The weather outside was crap so I decided to '
              'stay in. I got bored and had nothing to do so I reluctantly '
              'started watching "The Road Home" from where I left off... This '
              "is probably one of the best things I've done so far in my life "
              ";-) Since that day I've bought the DVD and seen the movies "
              "about 4-5 times and it's simply one of the most beautiful "
              "movies I've ever seen (and I've seen a few!)... To give you an "
              'idea: I persuaded two of my best friends to join me watching '
              "the movie. They didn't have high expectations as this is as far "
              'from the Hollywood action they normally favourise when going to '
              "rent a movie. They are men in their 30's and one of them is a "
              'pretty "macho" guy. When the end-titles started scrolling, both '
              'of them had to wipe their eyes :-))) They where actually '
              'crying! I guess this is more of a story than a movie review, '
              "but I hope it's enough to give this movie the attention it "
              'deserves ;-)',
 'tt0236598': 'Gong Li for me has been in more great films then anyone else '
              'and this one is as good as any.  Sure this type of film has '
              'been done loads of times before, but rarely if ever better.  I '
              "also think this Gong Li performance is, along with 'the Story "
              "of Qiu Ju' and 'To Live', the best she's ever done and "
              'cerements her reputation as one of the Greatest Actors about.  '
              'Well for me she is the Greatest if the Oscars actually looked '
              "at actors in foreign films then Gong Li's house would be full "
              "of them.  I really do loves this film it's wonderfully directed "
              'and paced and also stays away from a Hollywood (lets rap '
              'everything up with a nice explained happy ending) ending.  This '
              'film also benefits from having a child actor who is actually '
              'good and the rest of the cast is good as well especially '
              'Jing-Ming shi and Xiuqing Yue. My only problem with the film is '
              'that the character Da He (Xiuqing Yue) disappears half way into '
              "the film but that's only a little complaint because I think "
              'this film is brilliant.  10/10.',
 'tt0238588': 'Ann Hu\x91s first directorial and writing effort is an '
              'ambitious project that belies her 2 month apprenticeship at the '
              "film school at New York University.  `Shadow Magic' is a "
              'fictitious tale built around the introduction of the infant '
              'film industry in China of the very early 20th century.  Raymond '
              'Wallace (Jared Harris) comes to Beijing to introduce the '
              'simplest of motion pictures to its natives. Liu (Yu Xia) '
              'portrays a youthful Chinese apprentice photographer who helps '
              'him encourage the locals to attend the show he calls `Shadow '
              "Magic'. The clashes of cultures form the backbone of the "
              'conflict. Filmed beautifully on location, acting, '
              "cinematography and music coalesce magically to draw today's "
              'audiences into its story, just as its characters are instantly '
              "charmed by the movies they come to see in filmdom's first "
              'theaters. This is a movie not to be missed by anyone who loves '
              'film.',
 'tt0239220': "i've already watched this masterpiece over more than ten times, "
              'each time i am destined to be more appalled by its fine and '
              'delicate structure and distinctive directing style than last '
              'time, it tells a story about a bunch of superficially '
              'disconnected couple who are,were or will be experiencing their '
              'turning crossroads of lifetime, but with the help of '
              'surroundings,inner self,and willpower.they managed to hurdle '
              'those obstacles and avoid debacle in time. i especially enjoy '
              "the final episode which depicts a lost lovebird who can't find "
              'her way back to her newly-met boyfriend when facing a host of '
              'buildings,a picturesque resemblance of lost in translation. '
              "above all, it's certainly a touching and melting flick for "
              'every generation and gender',
 'tt0244709': "Am I the only one out here who read 'Pavilion of Women'? This "
              'film took a great book and what would have been a fantastic '
              'female role  and turned them both into porridge. In the book, '
              'the relationship between Brother Andre and Madame Wu was that '
              'of a wise teacher and a brilliant pupil until, literally, the '
              "day he died: it wasn't until that day that she realized that "
              "she loved him. Pavilion of Women is not a 'romance': it is the "
              'awakening of a woman to her own humanity, and, through the '
              'transforming power of love, to the humanity of others, whom she '
              'has previously regarded only as problems to be solved or duties '
              "to be performed. To turn it into a 'romance' is an insult to "
              'the author, Pearl Buck, who, for the record, did not write '
              'Harlequin-level trash, and the audience, who would have been '
              'quite capable of understanding the story as it was originally '
              "written. Whoever's responsible for foisting this 'dumbed-down' "
              'mess on the universe should be ashamed of themselves.',
 'tt0245224': 'This documentary is a quiet and almost stillstanding look at '
              'life among a group of elderly chineese in a Beijing suburb. '
              'Like in the old peoples lifes not much is happening but '
              'patience is revarded. You come to learn and feel for these '
              "elderly and their relationships. Sometimes you can't help "
              'laughing at the way they talk, walk and live. Here is a lot of '
              'peptalk about "the young generation" which is quite funny , '
              'it\'s almost like the beautifull Monty Python sketch : "When I '
              'was young..." Funny but also tuff to watch at times.',
 'tt0245929': 'This is the second time I see this film. As a Chinese, I feel a '
              'strong urge as well as an obligation to write some comment '
              'about it. I can safely conclude that the film vividly showed '
              'what the real situation was during the Japanese occupation in '
              'China back in WW2.It is totally different from those '
              'main-stream anti-Japanese war films we can see throughout our '
              'early life, which still can be seen being replayed in CCTV '
              '(China Central Television) over and again again. In those '
              'films, almost all Chinese, young or old, men or women, were all '
              'warriors fighting against the Japanese invaders. We all know '
              "that it wasn't true. From this film, we can see how ignorant "
              'and stupid those Chinese peasants were. It gives us a chance to '
              'review what was really going on during that time. It is a '
              'history we cannot deny. As a matter of fact, this film was '
              'banned in mainland China by some kind of a "censorship" mainly '
              'because it revealed so much truth.The director of the film, '
              'Jiangwen, is my only favorite director from China. You can say '
              'he is ambitious, a genius or whatever. But i say that he is a '
              'director with a sense of responsibility to our nation, to our '
              'people, to those heroes and civilians died in the war. He is '
              'not afraid to dig up the less-bright side of the history and '
              'present it to us, to those younger generation who never go '
              'through the war. It reminds us never to forget history.',
 'tt0256630': 'This movie, which was actually completed in February 1996, is a '
              'portrait of a father/son relationship with a twist.The father '
              'who has been widowed is forced to take care of his rebellious '
              'son. He tries desperately to form his son after the ideals that '
              'the older people are accustomed to. The son is not prepared to '
              "be subjected to his father's rule, he wants to get out from "
              "under his father's oppressing wings. Now, this sounds all very "
              'heavy handed and it could have been, but the director presents '
              'this story in such a manner that the heaviness in part is '
              'replaced by a heavy doses of cynicism and humor, for this is a '
              'satire on Chinese society not so much a satire of family '
              'life.And this is what got the filmmaker into trouble, the '
              'censorship office of China decided that this movie was '
              '"idealless" and was not suitable for release in China and '
              'abroad. So it stayed on the shelf for several years, and it is '
              'still there. The print I saw of this movie was a print that was '
              'illegally smuggled out of China, and subsequently illegally '
              'subtitled to make it ready for release at the Locarno Film '
              'Festival where it went on to win the Golden Leopard. Today I '
              'had the honour to view this print at the Rotterdam Film '
              'Festival as a surprise screening. After the movie there was a '
              'Q&A session with Marco Mueller and this cleared a lot up. The '
              'theme that is present in the movie is represented by the '
              'relationship between the father and the boy, the patriarchal '
              'struggle of the father to subdue his son is actually a metaphor '
              'for the Chinese government trying to subdue the Chinese people. '
              'The father becomes more and more distressed by the fact that he '
              'is unable to get his son to do what he wants him to do. After '
              'realizing this I looked at this film in a very different light, '
              'the message is now very clear and it is clear why the '
              'government of China was afraid of this film.I realize that in a '
              'lot of countries there is still a heavy case of censorship '
              'going on, I think this is an outrage in these modern times. I '
              'was glad to hear as well that certain artists from these '
              'countries are now operational on the Internet and publish '
              'articles, films and material through this boundless medium. '
              "Let's hope the censorship offices won't find something against "
              'this. This was a good movie and for the message that it '
              'conveyed I award it a...9/10',
 'tt0258885': "This is Jia's best film ever. I watched it twice. I was deeply "
              'touched twice by its poignant delineation of a bleak and still '
              "town in the 80's in Shanxi province, China. It seems nothing is "
              'changing in that nearly forgotten town. But with the collapse '
              'of Maoism and the influence of reforming in the country, the '
              'people there, especially those youngsters, are changing. They '
              'were like struggling in a very slow-moving turmoil, desires so '
              'much to change their lives but yet so helpless and knowing '
              'nothing about how to do it. They drifted away from there '
              'initial purposes, their friendship, and their love.The cello '
              'appears 3 times during the whole film, which is almost '
              'heartbreaking. They were running towards the train, but the '
              "train just ran away. And gradually, you forgot what you've been "
              "chasing when you were young, you don't care about those "
              "inspiring songs like 'In the field of hopes' which is a symbol "
              'of those old days. Life always keeps moving on, like the brick '
              'of those ancient walls of Fenyang ever exists.There are so many '
              "retrospective 'cultural reminders' in this film, e.g. those old "
              'songs, costumes, literal expressions, furniture and behaviors '
              'that bring you back to that time. I would say, if a western '
              'audience appreciate this film, he will appreciate double if he '
              'were Chinese, and even more.Bravo, Jia Zhangke. The Chinese '
              'cinema is now filled with Hollywood-style huge investment '
              'martial art shitt and he is among the rare ones who are decent '
              'filmmakers.',
 'tt0260898': 'The movie was released in the time when the debate of Rights to '
              'Die started in China.  Unlike previous works of contemporary '
              'criticism, the director just explores the social dilemma faced '
              'in modern society.The similarity between this film and the '
              "critic type film such as Changing Face, the director's last "
              'movie, was that both used stories that at first glance, seemed '
              'unrelated to the theme behind the cover story.  In this case, '
              'the cover story is a romantic tale.The film left the question '
              'unanswered: does anyone has the right to decide the death of '
              'loved ones if the loved ones becomes vegetable? Audience will '
              'have something to think about it.',
 'tt0260960': 'This film did a relative good job on describing the problems '
              'that is common in China:  the Cultural clashes between the old '
              'and the new, as well as generation gaps.  What is more '
              'important is that not only there are cultural clashes between '
              'the generations, but the same problem also existed within the '
              'same generation, or even the same person.',
 'tt0260987': 'Jiafangyifang (English titles: Dream Factory; Party A, Party B) '
              "launched the 'holiday film' (heshuipian) genre in China over "
              "the New Year's period--12/97-2/98.  New Year's is the time in "
              'China when friends and family reunite.  It is also a time when '
              'folks go out looking for light entertainment and warm feelings, '
              'but these type of vibes were not easy to find in the film '
              "houses in China.  Feng Xiaogang's Jiafangyifang changed "
              'that.The storyline features a film troup of four (Party B) who '
              "create their clients' (Party A) dream for a day.  Their first "
              'customer is a big, inflated bookstore owner who wants to be '
              'Patton.  He is given pearl handle pistols, a pool cue, four '
              'stars (one better than Patton), driven around in a jeep and '
              'given the city of Nanjing to attack.  Other dreamers include a '
              "cook who can't keep secrets, a husband who wants to do menial "
              'work (like his wife), a rich guy who wants to experience '
              'poverty, and so on.  As time goes on, the group tries to '
              "brighten other people's lives, even those who can't pay for "
              'their services and it is here that the warmth and heart of the '
              'film comes out.The winks and laughs are there throughout, but '
              'they are the products of wit, situation and dialogue rather '
              'than pratfalls and double entendres. Overarching the above '
              "series of 'dream sequences' is the tentative romancing that "
              'goes on between two of the film troopers.  The guy suggests '
              'marriage lest his father give the house to his sister-- not the '
              "most romantic way to pledge one's troth.Jiafangyifang set box "
              'office records for domestic films in 1998 taking in more than '
              '20m yuan.  Feng Xiaogang followed up this with three more '
              'holiday box office hit comedies: Bujianbusasn (Be There, Be '
              'Square) 1999, Meiwanmeili  (Sorry Baby) 2000 and Dawan (Big '
              "Shot's Funeral) 2002.",
 'tt0261730': 'The exact literal translation of the title of this film is '
              'Black eyes, which I believe is more proper and poetic, because '
              'the blind girl had a pair of lovely eyes that appears normal, '
              'but her world is black because she could not see.  The theme of '
              'this film is that blind people is disabled, but definitely not '
              'inferior, and through the experience of the blind girl, '
              'sympathy and love are discovered to be different.',
 'tt0261797': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Divorce.This movie provides a really good look at the old ways '
              'of living in the pre-revolution era, and the life of an '
              'ordinary low ranking governmental employee is selected.  There '
              'was not much political propaganda, a sign of a slight progress '
              'made in freedom of the press in China because the governmental '
              'censorship was not giving any pressure this time.',
 'tt0261998': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Cannot '
              "Sleep.This movie is the dramatized version of People's Police "
              'Story (Ming Jing Gu Shi) made 5 years earlier in 1995.  In that '
              'film, every character was played by the actual cop and their '
              'relatives, friends and suspects, no professional actors or '
              'actresses were used.  This, plus the concentration on the '
              'description of uneventful daily life of cops made that movie as '
              'dull as dishwater, just like one of the commentators had '
              'said.This movie can be viewed as an attempt to revert such '
              'impression, but very unfortunately, this one is just equally as '
              'dull as dishwater because the routine daily life/duties were '
              'more or less the same for all cops in China, including the '
              'problems caused by corruption and crimes, which was so rampant '
              'in China that everyone is used to them and not excited by them '
              'when shown in the movie.',
 'tt0262264': 'It has been nine years since it was first shown in China. '
              'Considering that this movie was quite popular in China, I am '
              'surprised that there are only TWO comments which is quite rare '
              "on here. I didn't plan to, but now I am compelled to write a "
              'comment.I particularly like those three songs which were sang '
              'by popular singers from China, the melodies are very good, but '
              'the lyrics are more like for lovers, instead of a son towards '
              "his mother. I also like Peisi Chen's voice, he made the monkey "
              "king's character so much more fun. Since they have used some "
              'quite famous Chinese actors to dub the voices, so sometimes, I '
              'felt as if I am watching those actors performing, instead of '
              'the cartoon characters doing it.The storyline is OK, it has '
              'some scenes which are a little confusing. They seemed to follow '
              "the typical Hollywood way, they picked a monkey to be the boy's "
              'companion, and the monkey sometimes make some funny, cute moves '
              "which are adorable.China hasn't made any big budget animated "
              "films for a very long time, it doesn't have a lot of "
              'experienced artists as those in the US or Japan. Overall, it is '
              "a good production.Now nine years have already passed, I don't "
              'think that China has made another successful animated film like '
              'this one. I wonder what they are doing now.',
 'tt0262470': 'Our country has not yet developed a consciousness for good '
              'films, so when i saw "The Red Suit" in a mini-film fest in the '
              "country's biggest mall there were just about seven people in "
              "the entire theater. Snobbish critics may comment on the film's "
              'faults or shortcomings, but films are not made for them, they '
              'are made for the average person on the street, just like me, '
              'and i find no fault. One thing happened at the end of the movie '
              'though, all seven (or less) of us gave it a spontaneous '
              'standing ovation, and I never saw something like that ever '
              'since. The story is simple but it touches something inside '
              'you... You shelled out money to watch something made by an '
              'obscure director (never heard of him or the entire cast) in '
              'almost zero budget (by Hollywood standards)with a title based '
              'on a garment seen only about four times in the movie. But it '
              'makes you happy....',
 'tt0262529': 'and the reason is that Prevention, the most important measure '
              'of avoiding such disaster depicted in this movie from happening '
              'is not mentioned in the movie.The movie did a good job in '
              'depicting the heroic act of the people who neutralized the '
              'disaster, but this is only a passive measure, and the active '
              'measures like prevention is the best solution.',
 'tt0264457': 'Touching stories of lives of ordinary people viewed in the eyes '
              "of a little boy.  The events happens in the 1960's, when China "
              'was in political turmoil, and the ordinary stories become '
              'extraordinary as people endures the harsh environment and beat '
              'the odds in their struggle.',
 'tt0265740': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is actually: '
              'Selection between life and death.This movie paints an accurate '
              'picture of the rampant corruption in China, namely, the '
              '"connection net".  The "connection net" that links up everyone '
              'like the way the gangsters controls their gang members, and '
              'members embezzle the money together, and covers up for '
              'everyone.The movie is based loosely on a true story and many '
              'identical events also happened in real life, which is far to '
              'common in China.  To alert potential investors or merchants of '
              'the tactics corrupted officials used, this movie was aired in '
              'Taiwan and Hong Kong, the top two foreign investors in China.',
 'tt0266450': 'The actual title of this this movie is: Yi Ge Si Zhe Dui Sheng '
              'Zhe De Fang Wen, instead of Yi Ge Shi Zhe Dui Sheng Zhe De Fang '
              'Wen, and its exact literal translation is: An interview of the '
              'Living Person conducted by a Dead Person.Besides the fact that '
              'this movie was one of the earliest Chinese movies that showed '
              'in Germany (west Germany, that is) and abroad, the only reason '
              'this movie got the German praise was the fact that the '
              'relationships between the east and the west was at new low, and '
              'since China was with the west in the struggle against the '
              'former-Soviet Union, this movie took this advantage and got the '
              'praise that it really did not deserve.',
 'tt0269537': 'The movie tells beautifully about life of a Chinese family and '
              'about the anxiety of living in small place. The original '
              'English name of the movie is "A tree in house" which symbols '
              'beautifully the family living in the small house. The style of '
              'the movie reminds me about early Japanese movies of Yasujiro '
              "Ozu, it's rather silent and mind soothing story telling really "
              "touched me. Indeed, very good film. Pity that it didn't get "
              'attention what it deserved.',
 'tt0270095': 'The remarkable story of Yixihuoma (Yixi) is given as a gift to '
              'her hurting, modern world, computer hip, granddaughter, Dawa - '
              'and vicariously to us, the maybe hurting, modern world, '
              'computer hip theater audience. (POSSIBLE SPOILERS AHEAD) In far '
              'off mountainous, isolated Tibet, the beautiful Yixi finds '
              'herself loved by three men in her life. While she is betrayed '
              'or deserted in different ways by each of the three, they never '
              'stop loving her - and she keeps alive in her heart her a '
              'constant love for them. She also has an awesome devotion to her '
              'husband (one of the three) and children, at one point making an '
              "arduous trek across Tibet's forbidding mountains and through "
              "the mountains' treacherous weather to find them and save their "
              'lives. And she was beautiful when she was young ... and when '
              'she grew old. And she sang beautiful tone poems of a beloved '
              'Tibetan poet. Actresses Danzengzuoga and Laqiong portray this '
              'steadfast, devoted, powerful, sensitive, loving character with '
              'pure dramatic artistry. Dawangdui and Renqingdunzhu, as her '
              'husband Jiacuo, and the rest of the ensemble cast deserve '
              'recognition for their worthy contributions to this fine movie. '
              'Special notes of recognition go to Director Fei Xie for '
              'bringing Yixi to us, and to the cinematographer, Quanyi Zhang, '
              'for bringing a fabulous lost horizon to life.',
 'tt0276329': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie: Can not be '
              'finished, Can not be any closure.This movie is actually a '
              'social satire presented in a semi-comical way, a social satire '
              'of some sort.This movie criticized the problems of the '
              'contemporary Chinese society by the personal experience of '
              'common citizens, and the cast is perfect: Mr. You Ge is not '
              'only good in playing comic characters like Mr. Pei-Si Chen, but '
              'he is also equally good in playing role in drama with serious '
              'topic, such as To Live (Huozhe), and the combination of the two '
              'is not a problem for him.',
 'tt0276504': 'The Sigh tells the story of an affair between a struggling '
              'Chinese screenwriter and his young female assistant, its '
              'effects on his marriage and the impact on the man himself.The '
              'couple is thrown together at the start of the movie when the '
              "assistant is dispatched to the writer's plush digs outside of "
              'Beijing where he has gone to work on a script for a new '
              'television series. As soon as the writer notices his attraction '
              'to his beautiful assistant, he calls off the session and heads '
              'home to Beijing, only to have the affair start up upon their '
              'return to the city. The writer, who was supposed to be home '
              'first thing in the morning, only arrives home at supper time, '
              'telling his wife that his agent took him to schmooze with some '
              'investors. (In order to facilitate the lie, the man buys a '
              'small bottle of booze before entering his house and takes a few '
              'sips). Thus begins the deception that will tear apart the '
              'family (the couple have a young daughter) and the man '
              'himself.When the wife discovers the affair while visiting a '
              'hotel room where the man has been working, she asks for a '
              'divorce, which he accedes to. Ultimately, however, they decide '
              'only to separate. During the separation, while the writer is '
              'living with his lover, the wife falls from a ladder while '
              'painting and is hospitalized, an event which seems to bring the '
              'affair to its end. The man cuts off all contact from the woman '
              'as he cares for his wife. But as he has does several times in '
              'the course of the film, he always finds himself back with the '
              'other woman. He cannot leave her and he cannot leave his wife. '
              'He is truly a torn, unhappy man.Just when you think things have '
              'finally cooled off--the end of the film shows him happy and '
              'laughing with his wife and child\x97he receives a phone call. '
              'And we can see from the look on his face that the man is still '
              'interested. (In an interview, Feng Xiaogeng has said the film '
              'originally contained a scene where the man rushes out to meet '
              'his lover but that this was cut by the censors.)It is a story '
              'that has been told countless times and will doubtless be told '
              'as long as there are humans. For me, what sets this film apart '
              'is the depiction of the impact of the affair on the man '
              'himself. To anyone who has been on this end of things, you will '
              'know that there is nothing pleasant about it. In one of my '
              'favorite lines in any movie, the writer tells his friend/agent '
              'not to follow his lead and that if he should ever meet a '
              'goddess, to just walk away. And remember, he adds, there are no '
              'goddesses.But just as the writer cannot for the life of him get '
              'over this other woman, so humanity must it seems eternally be '
              'faced with situations such as Feng XiaoGeng has so masterfully '
              'depicted.',
 'tt0276769': '+++ This comment may contain spoilers. +++ A kind hearted '
              'driver becomes embroiled with a cute hitchhiker and her violent '
              'outlaw boyfriend. ALL THE WAY has action, drama and romance -- '
              'although none of it is super outstanding. The best thing going '
              'for this movie is its leading lady. Hong Kong pop star Karen '
              'Mok displays her charisma in each and every scene.Director '
              'Runjiu Shi is most famous for making Sino-pop (Chinese) music '
              'videos. As expected, here he keeps the pacing brisk and steady. '
              'At its best, ALL THE WAY offers medium-lightweight adventure in '
              'the Chinese territories.ALL THE WAY was shot in 2000 and '
              'released in the following year. English subtitles are easy to '
              'read, but the grammar is not always perfect (and the subtitles '
              'are not always present).',
 'tt0277444': 'I LOVE BEIJING is truly a mosaic of Beijing today, as seen, '
              'mostly, through the eyes of a womanizing taxi driver.The driver '
              'has quite an array of female passengers in his cab and life. '
              'The film takes us through "a year in the life." His taxi takes '
              'us through his life and this city in total transformation.The '
              'result is an realistic portrait of the multiplicity of '
              "contemporary Beijing. I can't think of a better medium or "
              'vehicle than a taxi to highlight the tremendous changes in '
              'China today, as experienced by the common man, and as seen '
              'through the windows of his cab.',
 'tt0285848': 'This film as a dense, knotty little piece of poetry, clocking '
              'in at under 80 minutes with not an inch of fat on it. Wang '
              'deftly orchestrates single-take master-shots to keep our '
              'viewing at a distance. But, unlike other practitioners of the '
              'master-shot school -- filmmakers I admire in their own right, '
              'such as Hou Hsiao-hsien and Jia Zhang-ke -- Wang uses the '
              'stationary camera and long take to create slightly more obvious '
              'black comedy, like an episode of "The Carol Burnett Show" as '
              "directed by Samuel Beckett. In particular, Wang's use of the "
              "quick fade is excellent. Often, he'll go to blackout just as "
              'some funny or shocking occurrence becomes legible. I may be '
              'making this sound like "difficult viewing," but really, it '
              'struck me as a 6th-Generation Chinese stab at a Jarmusch film, '
              "and as such, it's utterly accessible. Here's hoping it gets "
              'picked up for U.S. distribution. It might prove to be a minor '
              'hit.',
 'tt0287934': 'Years ago my high school economics teacher held up a tin toy '
              'car with wooden wheels. It was the typical Japanese product of '
              'its day.  "Beware of people who can do this," he told us.  The '
              'class did not understand his words until he turned the car over '
              'to reveal that it had been made from a Schlitz beer can.   The '
              'rest of Japanese ingenuity and production is history.The movie '
              "Da wan (Big Shot's Funeral) carries a similar message.  Though "
              'they may be behind, the Chinese can catch on quickly, '
              'particularly to the world of Madison Avenue as illustrated by '
              'this hilarious movie where hype and commercialism run amok. '
              'This movie reminds me of the 50\'s si/fi novel "Space '
              'Merchants" (Gravy Planet) by Pohl and Kornbluth in which an ad '
              'agency gets the exclusive rights to advertise products on the '
              'planet Venus.  The unconscionable excess on both Venus and in '
              'China say much about us as consumers who would rather be '
              'entertained than informed.Sutherland, always good, is excellent '
              'here.  I am confident the low rating for this film is because '
              'of its subtitles, but they are not a bother and are part of the '
              'humor.',
 'tt0288583': 'This movie is better than Love in the Internet Generation made '
              'two years earlier because for the latter, one could not help to '
              'reach the conclusion of that there is a social lecturing theme '
              'hidden behind the story, while for this one, it appears to be '
              'just a simple exploration of love and romance.',
 'tt0292278': 'This movie shot with expired 16mm film and at a ratio of 1:1, '
              'captured direct and spontaneous reactions of people on the '
              'streets of Beijing when confronted with simple questions such '
              'as "Is the wind strong in Beijing?" This film, which is a test '
              'of reality, largely uses the "blank screen" technique, that is '
              'to say, no images are shown, but only sounds (all kinds of '
              'answers) are heard. When images do appear, the often-visible '
              'self-made microphone represents the forceful intrusion of the '
              "director's will into all kinds of public spaces (including "
              'public toilets). It shows the real normal life of people who '
              'live in Beijing. This movie say something what I WANT TO '
              'SAY.This is Great movie.',
 'tt0293660': "The Touch is Michelle Yeoh's first movie as producer, executive "
              'producer and writer (as well as star), and the first movie from '
              'her new production company. Now Michelle Yeoh is a smart and '
              'sensible woman (and she can kick ass with the best), so '
              'expectations for this big budget production with Peter Pau in '
              "the director's chair were naturally high - certainly I had high "
              'hopes for it. That changed when it came out and it seemed to be '
              'universally acclaimed a major disappointment. I almost decided '
              'to pass it over completely, but you know sometimes you have to '
              "see a certain movie even if you know it's going to be bad, "
              "'cause it's still a 'significant' or 'important' film in some "
              'sense.Thanks to all the negative press, my expectations for the '
              'movie were much lower when I sat down to watch it. I mean, '
              "we're talking the kind of expectations that make The Blacksheep "
              "Affair look like a good film... so it's not really a surprise "
              'that I found myself enjoying The Touch. But I mean I found '
              'myself *really* enjoying it. A lot!First with the bad, the '
              'reasons people were presumably disappointed. There are some '
              'very cheesy moments in places, moments and lines that feel too '
              "artificially inserted, too 'script'. There's some bad acting in "
              "places - some from the bad guy's goons but most notably from "
              "Brandon Chang, who plays Michelle's younger brother (his "
              "girlfriend was pretty bad too, but she didn't have as much "
              'chance to show it). And most notably there are some really '
              'terrible special effects in the final climax - about 15 years '
              "out of date But then with the good! First surprise, it's really "
              'funny! Most of the humour comes from the guest Gwei Los Ben '
              'Chaplin and Richard Roxburgh, both of whom have really good '
              'characters and some brilliant lines. They also break a long '
              'tradition of white actors in HK films by being really good, and '
              "not at all annoying. Richard Roxburgh's villain in particular "
              "is a charismatic classic. Then there's the story, which is all "
              "quite cheesy but reasonably involved and well developed. It's a "
              "good old fashioned adventure yarn. And then there's the "
              'production values... especially the great sets and locations '
              'filmed beautifully by Peter Pau. The soundtrack is really good '
              "too, though it sounds very Hollywood (I'm not normally a fan of "
              "Hollywood's overblown and generally forgettable soundtracks, "
              'but I like this one).It must be said that The Touch does in '
              'many ways feel more like a Hollywood movie than a Hong Kong '
              'movie - the fact that it is 95% filmed in English undoubtedly '
              'being part of it. Hong Kong film makers normally fail miserably '
              'when they attempt to make a Hollywood style movie, but I think '
              "that this case represents a near success. If it weren't for "
              'those dreadful special effects I think it would have a very '
              'good chance of competing on the Hollywood distribution '
              'circuits. And I believe the production company have taken the '
              'unusual step of hiring a different firm (the normally excellent '
              'Centro) to completely redo the special effects for a US '
              'release. This may be one case where the US version of a HK '
              'movie actually improves on the original.One thing that is '
              'expected of a Hong Kong movie starring Michelle Yeoh is '
              'obviously a high calibre of action. This is perhaps where the '
              "movie disappoints, as there isn't as much action in the film as "
              'I expect most viewers would have liked. There are a couple of '
              "fight scenes that show off Michelle's skills well, but Philip "
              "Kwok's choreography isn't all that exciting unfortunately. Not "
              "bad, but not up to the standard of Michelle's fights in Royal "
              'Warriors, for example. Especially disappointing is the final '
              'climax, which should have been a raw bone crunching showcase of '
              'martial arts prowess but is in fact a limp showcase of terrible '
              'CGI. Bad call to go the special effects route, Michelle!If I '
              "hadn't had my expectations lowered by those who saw the movie "
              "before me, I guess there's a fair chance I'd have ended up "
              "disappointed in The Touch too. Because I wasn't expecting too "
              'much I found much more to enjoy than I bargained for. In fact, '
              "I'd say I enjoyed the movie more than any other 2002 Hong Kong "
              'movie I can think of (not saying much admittedly, since 2002 '
              "was a terrible year for HK movies). It's a movie I will happily "
              "watch again (though I'll wait for the US release perhaps) and "
              'have no hesitation recommending to others.',
 'tt0297161': 'I had the good fortune to catch "Seafood" at Lincoln Center\'s '
              "Walter Reade Theater a couple/few years ago. I'd read about it "
              'in their monthly brochure and went to see it purely on a whim; '
              'not knowing the writer-directer nor any or the actors. I was '
              'not disappointed.Seafood shares similarities to many recent '
              "films in the DV Neorealistic movement. That is, it's not a big, "
              'glossy production with sweeping crane shots, but rather a '
              'small, intimate story about a two-people: a prostitute who goes '
              'to a seaside resort (in off-season) to kill herself. And a '
              'rogue cop who tries to thwart her plans and insinuates himself '
              'in her life.Along the way, the director provides us with a '
              'glimpse of modern China at its coldest and bleakest. The '
              'performances are perfect--especially the actor portraying the '
              "cop.Its a shame that Seafood is not on DVD in the US. It's as "
              'worthy as any Asian film available now.',
 'tt0297928': 'Chinese immigrants struggle to hold onto their American dream '
              "after the husband's father (Xu Zhu) comes for a visit from "
              'mainland China and gives a simple Chinese Medicine therapy '
              'called Gua Sha to his grandson.Da Tong (Tony Leung Ka Fai) is '
              'the father who is trying to integrate his Chinese cultural '
              'beliefs into his daily American reality, especially when '
              'dealing with his boss (Hollis Huston) and best friend, who is '
              "too quick to believe the worst about Da Tong's treatment of his "
              "son, Dennis. Da Tong's failures show his confusion about the "
              'differences between his original Chinese culture and his new '
              'American home. Even within his family there is conflict because '
              "Grandfather can't speak English and is excluded from many "
              'conversations because Mother (Wenli Jiang) wants only English '
              'spoken in her home for the benefit of her American born son. Da '
              'Tong and his wife are very well educated and understand that '
              "their child's best chances for success in America, and for him "
              "not to experience the same troubles they've had during the past "
              '8 years, are to speak without an accent. They even go so far as '
              'to insist the boy use a fork and knife instead of chopsticks, '
              "even when it's obvious they are still eating Chinese style "
              'food, served in the normal way: communal dishes for the food '
              'and smaller, individual rice bowls for each person. Mother '
              'seems a bit inflexible in her insistence on being as American '
              "as possible, while Da Tong's cultural leanings are just as "
              "strongly Chinese, although not by conscious choice.Da Tong's "
              'love for his son is tested severely when Da Tong tries to '
              "balance it against respect for his boss. When Da Tong's son "
              "hits his boss' son, Da Tong insists on an apology that seems "
              'unnecessary and makes Da Tong look stubborn and uncaring. Da '
              'Tong gives his boy a light rap on the head when he refuses to '
              'apologize and the boy cries to his mother that the reason he '
              'hit his playmate was that the other boy called Da Tong stupid, '
              'one of many examples of doing the wrong thing to protect your '
              'family.The conflict arising from doing the wrong thing out of '
              "love or respect for one's family or closest friends continues "
              'throughout the movie, and every way Da Tong turns, he finds '
              'failure and encounters both obvious and subtle forms of '
              'anti-Chinese racism. Even Chinese folklore about the Monkey '
              'King, Sun Wu Kong, that Da Tong incorporates into a video game '
              "he designed is used to provoke his pride when he's vulnerable "
              'and fearing for the loss of his son. Da Tong is misunderstood '
              'by everyone, family, friend, and foe, even though he has only '
              'the best intentions, and he carries the responsibility quite '
              'heavily, making one wrong turn after another.Gua Sha (The '
              "Treatment) shows how a person's cultural beliefs are so deeply "
              'set within oneself that it is usually impossible to examine why '
              'you do most anything, from how you dress and talk to whom you '
              'love and respect and how you show it. The invisible nature of '
              "one's cultural beliefs also makes it difficult to impossible to "
              'explain yourself to others when questioned. Da Tong experiences '
              'an excruciatingly painful and difficult struggle while trying '
              'to protect his son, an ordeal that forces him to examine the '
              'validity of some of the most vital things he thought he knew '
              'about his identity, his Chinese culture, and the new American '
              "world he'd chosen as his home.The movie showed me how normal it "
              'is for people to look for ways that their culture is superior '
              "to others' and how the misunderstandings arising from different "
              'cultural perspectives can seem very large, but can be nullified '
              'with simple, 2-sided explanations when people are willing to '
              'listen.It appears this film is not readily available in the '
              "USA, but it's the best I've seen at highlighting the "
              'differences between American and Chinese culture. Parts of the '
              "movie's dialog are only in Chinese and I've yet to find a DVD "
              "with English subtitles, although it's easy to get the gist of "
              "what's going on during those short passages. The credits are a "
              'combination of Chinese and English, holding true to the '
              "integration of both worlds. I've noticed some important roles "
              'are not credited here on IMDb, such as Judge Horowitz, who was '
              'played by Alexander Barton.',
 'tt0298238': 'I saw this film at the Rotterdam International Film Festival '
              '2002.  This seemed to be one of the less popular films on the '
              'festival, however, as it turned out, all the more '
              'interesting.The story, of an actor trying to come to grips with '
              'himself and his environment after withdrawing from a drug '
              'addiction, is based on actual facts.  Moreover, the characters '
              'playing in the film are the real people living this experience '
              'over again, this time for the film, which is partly set up as a '
              'stage play.  Not only do they all happen to be good actors, Jia '
              "Hongsheng's parents are actors in real life as well, the "
              'methods used in highlighting their relationship towards Jia are '
              'very effective.Jia Hongsheng is the actor of some Chinese '
              'action films late eighties start nineties.  Later you can see '
              'him in great films such as Frozen and Suzhou River.  In between '
              'these two career paths Jia becomes a drug addict and looses all '
              'drive to act or even do anything productive, except for making '
              'somewhat futile attempts at becoming a guitar virtuoso.I like '
              'the way the writer of the scenario choose to emphasize on his '
              'behavior after withdrawal more than on the horror of drugs.  We '
              'really feel the pain and struggle Jia is in.  At the same time '
              'we hate him for the way he treats those around him.The film '
              'draws the viewer into a tiring pattern Jia seems to be caught '
              'in, dragging with him his parents and sister who try to take '
              "care of him. Because there are personal 'interviews' with the "
              'characters we feel like we are getting to know Jia not only '
              'through himself but through others as well.The film has a heavy '
              'feel, but scenes of Jia cycling through Bejing and partying '
              'with his friends lighten the tone.  So does the bitter humor in '
              'a lot of events throughout the film.  The music is beautiful '
              'and stayed with me for a while after.  This is a film that '
              'might not easily appeal to many people but for those interested '
              'in the more serious and modern Chinese film this is a strong '
              'recommendation.',
 'tt0299977': 'Some reviewers have suggested that the storyline of this movie '
              "is a bit plodding and portentous, and I'd be willing to allow "
              'that. But even if this film had absolutely no plot to speak of, '
              'I would have considered the money I plunked down yesterday to '
              'see "Hero" to be money well-spent, because I have been witness '
              "to some of the most achingly beautiful film-making I've ever "
              'seen. As in "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," the characters '
              'here fly through the air and dance across water, but "Crouching '
              'Tiger" surely could have benefited from the sublime camera eye '
              'of "Hero." One scene of swordplay in particular that takes '
              'place in a grove of trees amongst swirling yellow leaves almost '
              'stopped my heart in my chest: It was that gorgeous. And yes, '
              'there is a plot also, one that involves various assassins with '
              'names like Sky, and Broken Sword, and Flying Snow. I have to '
              'admit that the tales and counter-tales told were a bit '
              'confusing at first, but by the time the film is over, all the '
              'pieces have fallen into place, and this chapter of ancient '
              'Chinese history has assumed a truly mythical quality. At a time '
              'when movie theaters show a lot of utter dreck, we ought to be '
              'supporting movies like this.',
 'tt0300060': 'This well-acted and well-directed film was promoted as a "model '
              'work" by the cultural revolution group within the Chinese '
              'Communist Party in 1975, one year before the death of Mao and '
              'the reversal of the cultural revolution. It is a good example '
              'of both the orientation guiding the cultural revolution (in '
              "this case, how to 'revolutionize' the educational system) as "
              'well as how the cultural revolutionaries approached popular '
              'culture (e.g. this screenplay and the direction of this '
              "film).In some ways, the film is reminiscent of 'On the "
              "Waterfront', but with a decidedly different, and more hopeful, "
              'resolution.A worthwhile feature although rarely shown '
              'currently.',
 'tt0303243': 'Zhao is a 50 year old unemployed loser making one last attempt '
              'at finding love. He courts a portly divorcee, but keeps having '
              'to lie to pass himself off as a better catch than he really is. '
              'Eventually, of course, the lies backfire. Zhao tells his '
              'sweetheart that he is the manager of a fancy hotel. She '
              'responds by foisting her blind stepdaughter off on him, '
              'confident that he can easily find her employment at his fancy '
              'hotel.What follows is a funny, unlikely and touching '
              'relationship between Zhao and the blind girl Wu. While Zhao is '
              'terribly misguided, constructing elaborate deceptions to keep '
              'Wu "employed" at the non-existent hotel, he does these wrong '
              "things for the right reasons. Zhao does find love, but it isn't "
              'the woman or the love he expected.This is an excellent film and '
              "there are three big reasons why: First of all, it's directed by "
              'Zhang Yimou who may well be the best director alive.  This '
              'isn\'t a masterpiece like "Raise the Red Lantern," but seeing '
              'the phrase "Directed by Zhang Yimou" should be enough to tell '
              'you the next two hours will be well spent.The second and third '
              'reasons are Benshan Zhao as Zhao and Jei Dong as Wu. Zhao is a '
              'respected Chinese comedian, but the role here is really a '
              'mixture of comedy and drama. Zhao gives the mixture exactly the '
              'right touch. But the real revelation is Jei Dong. I found '
              'myself wondering through the entire movie if she were really '
              "blind. She is that good. (And I still don't know the "
              "answer.)Don't expect a laugh out loud comedy if you see this "
              'movie. It is very funny in places, but frequently that humor is '
              "very uncomfortable. And frequently happy times aren't really "
              'what they seem.',
 'tt0303260': 'Setting is the last week of WWII in a remote corner of Japanese '
              'controlled northeast China (Manchuko). The central characters '
              'are a small group left stranded in a forest following the '
              'initial Russian attack and subsequent chaos. They must depend '
              'upon each other despite their differing nationalities (Chinese, '
              'Russian, Japanese). This dynamic is interwoven with flashbacks '
              'and a few battle scenes.The film is straightforward, moving, '
              'and strongly anti-war. Little attempt is made to develop the '
              'main characters, yet I was still drawn to and concerned about '
              "the welfare of each of them. It's an emotionally powerful film "
              'with a surreal simplicity, flow and score. The soldiers and '
              'civilians depicted are all totally emotionally drained by years '
              'of war, resigned to their fates, going through the motions, '
              'albeit sane or insane. Much of this is simply conveyed by the '
              'looks on their faces. The special effects in the battle '
              'sequences are extremely poor by 2001 standards. However, since '
              'there is no attempt to convey military strategy or tactics, '
              'this does not detract from the film all that much. The net '
              'effect is to supply the necessary combat scenes without '
              'breaking the haunting flow of the film.Note: the translations '
              'given on the English subtitles of the DVD I rented were very '
              'poor.',
 'tt0303814': "I have been a fan of Ge You's acting for a long time. His roles "
              "in such films as the 'The Emperor's Shadow' and 'Lifetimes' are "
              'unforgettable. So I decided to try this film as well. I was not '
              'disappointed.Discussion of plot points follows***Ge You plays a '
              'photographer who discovers that a fashion designer (a photo of '
              'whom is the Butterfly Smile of the title) was involved in a '
              'hit-and-run accident with a cyclist. What will he do about it? '
              'Denounce her? What will she do? Give herself in? This scenario '
              'evolves slowly, and with almost no dialogue. It is a credit to '
              "the actor's craft that he can convey the inner questioning and "
              'conflicts over the course of the film without recourse to '
              'dialogue. What could have been slow and rather pointless '
              'becomes an intense study of an artist and his muse.If you are '
              'looking for action and witting repartee, this is not the film '
              'for you. On the other hand, if you think Ge You is a superb '
              'actor and would like yet another reason to appreciate his '
              'talent, this movie is well worth a look. (Incidentally, he '
              'reprises the role of photographer in one of his later films, '
              "'Suffocation'.)",
 'tt0304092': 'The literal translation of the title is: Horizontal, vertical, '
              'horizontal.The movie is based on the true story, which has a '
              'happy ending, which is extremely rare in real life.  Many '
              'people with similar fate tried the same thing these actors did '
              '(actually, these are not professional actors, but real people '
              'playing themselves), but most of the time, they failed after '
              'small initial success just like the way described in the movie, '
              'but in real life, that disaster would be enough to crash them '
              'to the point of beyond recovery.',
 'tt0304641': 'When I got the DVD through the post, immediately I noticed the '
              'sticker on the box that said, "Award Winning", but then again, '
              "the design on the box wasn't the most alluring. Of course, most "
              'of us either embrace the "Award Winning" sticker and go off and '
              'see the movie immediately, others (like myself) are quite '
              'skeptical about what it really means.Anyway, in my opinion '
              'whatever award was given to it, it was well deserved. The story '
              'tells of a family with four children, Yuki, Sitian, Miao and '
              'Tian who grow up in a small town in China. The children (whom '
              'most parents would regard as idyllic or angellic!) bond most '
              'lovingly, looking out for each other during their young '
              'lives.However, their world gets shattered as their parents are '
              'victims of a blizzard. Yuki, the eldest brother, is given the '
              'responsibility of his siblings, but eventually, he is forced to '
              'offer himself and his siblings up for adoption, and they are '
              'all separated. Twenty years later, Sitian returns to China, '
              "having lived in America where she's become a famous conductor. "
              'Slowly, she tries to track down her siblings, as they silently '
              "rediscover what was lost between them.Whilst it's a simple "
              'idea, the film was brilliantly executed, with some truly '
              'awesome acting. The ancient anecdote about children and animals '
              'seemed to have been completely quashed here, as the acting '
              'performance of the four children were outstanding. And for that '
              'one must compliment the director, since to get the right '
              'performance from one child is one immense task, but to have '
              'done it from all four is outstanding.The script itself is built '
              'on very solid ground. The movie is centred around flashbacks, '
              'but the movie flows like a dream and is so easy to follow. '
              "What's more compelling is the depiction of daily life in a "
              "traditional Chinese town. Whilst most of today's literature in "
              'the West about China is focused on individual struggles against '
              'the establishment during the Cultural revolution, etc., this '
              'story relates more to the struggle against everyday life in '
              'China, and gives the truer impression that not all things in '
              'China are all political and repressive.All in all, I finished '
              'watching the movie feeling completely satisfied. It is one '
              'which can be a tearjerker, and is quite emotional. And there is '
              "little overdone or underdone about it. It's simple, and tells a "
              "story in a magical and beautiful way. And it's been done "
              'without the big budget studio. Definitely one to watch again.',
 'tt0308559': "This film reminded me very much of Mel Brookes' rendition of "
              'Ilf and Petrov\'s satirical novel "The Twelve Chairs", which '
              'lampooned the bureaucracy and hypocrisy of early Soviet Russia '
              'during the "NEP" period. Yes, Generation Gap is one sub '
              'theme...the teen-aged daughter breaks under the stress the '
              'family feels in their mad confrontation with the "Catch 22" '
              'bureaucracy, and runs away...and is miraculously found by her '
              'parents. The name of the film has a double meaning in Chinese: '
              'it sounds like "who says I\'m not in a family register" Problem '
              "is, the wife of a prominent psychiatrist can't find her "
              'marriage certificate one day. This "jiehunzheng" is all '
              'important. Without it, the family officially has never existed, '
              'including the daughter. The couple go on a wild goose chase '
              'through the Chinese bureaucracy, meeting catch-22 all the '
              'way....they need a certificate to get a new one, etc. They even '
              "journey back to the People's Commune where they met, now the "
              'site of modern private enterprises where nobody even recalls '
              'the former occupants. An brief animated scene conveys the '
              "daughter's fantasy of what her parents' life on the commune, "
              'where she was born, was like, an idyllic dream of primitive '
              'communism and romance. The funniest parts of the movie are set '
              'in the mental hospital that the father runs. It is a metaphor '
              'of China today. A woman dressed in the Bermuda shorts-and-knee '
              'socks uniform of the "Red Detachment of Women" dances atop '
              'tables in the therapy rooms with a butcher knife until a '
              'psychiatric nurse gets her back to reality with a tape of an '
              "aria from the ballet. A sexually obsessed man can't stop "
              'vocalizing his fantasies, to the delighted embarrassment of the '
              'nurses and doctors on their morning rounds. A seedy '
              'pharmaceutical salesman gives the psychiatrist-father a free '
              'sample of an aphrodisiac drug for his suddenly cold wife and '
              'nearly ruins his already stressed marriage when she explodes '
              'with "do you consider me a little dog"?. A fine old gentleman '
              'patient is cured of obsessive-compulsive psychosis and sent '
              'home with much ceremony, but after a tea-time visit from the '
              'certificate-less wife of the director he suddenly begins '
              'searching wildly for his OWN certificate and is brought back by '
              'men in white coats in an emergency ambulance. The scene of the '
              'hospital director-father-husband tearing up the report of his '
              'successful cure and tossing the shreds to the wind from his '
              'office balcony is priceless. The stress of it all causes the '
              "runaway episode, but all ends well when, well, I won't "
              'say...slowly, time heals the wounded in the clinic...the '
              'tropical military uniform is replaced by a ballet dress, the '
              "model opera's arias by Swan Lake. This film is funny even for "
              'viewers who know nothing of China, if in the same version as I '
              'saw it in China (on TV over the Chinese New Year 2002 holidays '
              'as a holiday special) and if properly and honestly translated. '
              'It really addresses many issues in China today, especially the '
              'baggage from the past that the society is carrying, the legacy '
              'of Confucian prudery, Stalin and Mao. Some US viewers will '
              "recall the day when a man and woman couldn't get a room in a US "
              'hotel without a marriage certificate, ironically.',
 'tt0310870': 'I am wonder if how many Chinese would have opportunity to watch '
              'this movie that made tears come to my eyes. I had never heard '
              'of the name of this film before i saw this film for the first '
              'time. but now i will strongly recommend this film to those who '
              'are concerning China and the people lives in here because '
              'everything happened in the film is as true as happened in my '
              'real life, in a world so close to me . I am really touched by '
              'this ordinary love story happened in BeiJing with two humble '
              'lower youth. one is from the country farm and another is a '
              'descendant of Beijing native who had to move to the frontier '
              'with his parents in her childhood for the sake of history and '
              'then moved back to BeiJing alone after growing up. The film is '
              'grim and cruel ,just like the reflection of this cold society.I '
              'like it because of its truth . I love it because I am easily '
              'moved by the miserable truth.',
 'tt0311041': 'Just saw this movie and I got to say , this is not an ordinary '
              'Chinese Movie,or, not an ordinary movie at '
              'all.s/*************spoiler ahead***************/sAt the '
              "Beginning , I thought it's just another romance story with the "
              'guy gets the perfect girl at the end. As the plot moving '
              "forward, I found that's highly unlikely. And then I though the "
              'movie would be a '
              'guy-found-out-true-lover-is-always-there-but-he-never-knew '
              "kinda movie. However, for the second time, I'm still wrong. "
              'This guy gets nobody at all. I think this is the main reason '
              "why this movie is so different. The story didn't follow any "
              'conventional patterns but still feels quite reasonable (at '
              'least for me). s/*************spoiler ends '
              'here***************/sThis movie is also very unconventional in '
              "its style. I'm a native Chinese who saw lots of American "
              "movies. So I can feel this movie's combination of "
              'Chinese/American movie styles. The lines are very "BeiJingful", '
              'some jokes can only be appreciated by a Chinese(or even '
              'Beijinese). But the fast-paced editing style, versatile camera '
              'position and utilization of various music are definitely '
              'American. I won\'t say the movie is "best of both worlds", but '
              "I think at least Mr.Dayyan Eng, the director, knows what's the "
              'essence of Chinese movies and American movies, and he mixed '
              "them well. (He is mix-blooded as far as I know)P.S. There'll be "
              'a great surprise waiting for you at the end of the movie, but '
              "don't worry, you don't need to watch all the end credit to get "
              'that surprise.',
 'tt0312535': 'This strange, incredible movie uses an eclectic mix of '
              'languages (including long portions in Chinese, English and '
              'French) to convey the undeniably impressive rise of the Chinese '
              'manufacturing giant Haier (Which, incidentally, is '
              'headquartered in the Chinese port city of Qingdao where a giant '
              'statue of the company\'s two logo "boys" stands in front of the '
              "company's main office. The city is also home to China's most "
              'successful beer, Tsing Tao.) The movie, which is stilted but '
              'enjoyable, particularly to those who have spent time in China, '
              'plays out as an odd but workable mix of propaganda, '
              "mockumentary, and over-wrought 80's drama-com (a la Dynasty). "
              'Sure to be a treasured cult favorite among zhong-guo based '
              'expats.',
 'tt0317763': '***SPOILERS***   ***SPOILERS*** Apparently, this is the first '
              "ever Chinese lesbian film. It's also a bit of a mess. Nothing "
              'much happens in the first hour and a half - the main character '
              'mopes around, goes on some blind dates, washes an elephant, and '
              "wonders how to break the news that she's a lesbian to her "
              'fiercely traditional mother. The only thing that threatens to '
              'break the spell of boredom is the arrival of her ex-lover, now '
              'on the run from the police for killing her '
              'father.Unfortunately, all she does is mope around and look sad '
              'because the main character has a new girlfriend. Then, five '
              'minutes from the end she somehow gets spotted by the police and '
              'ends up killing some police officers in a shoot-out in the '
              "elephant enclosure. It's probably the closest the film gets to "
              'anything really interesting.Overall, the film is rather ugly, '
              "rather boring, and rather low on plot. If you've got nothing "
              "better to do it'll while away a couple of hours, but I wouldn't "
              'recommend it.',
 'tt0318025': 'Unknown Pleasures, directed by Jia Zhangke, powerfully brings '
              'home the spiritual malaise affecting Chinese youth as a result '
              'of global capitalism. Although the film is set in a small, '
              'impoverished Chinese city in remote Shanxi province close to '
              'the Mongolian border, there is almost nothing traditionally '
              'Chinese in this film other than the location.\n'
              'Two 19-year olds, Bin Bin (Zhao Wei Wei) and Xiao Ji (Wy Qiong) '
              'are heavily influenced by American culture and seem to exist '
              'only for their own immediate pleasure. They live on the margins '
              'in a city where, according to the director, two-thirds of the '
              'population were unemployed in 2001. They drink coke, chain '
              'smoke cigarettes, covet U.S. dollars, talk excitedly about '
              'Hollywood movies such as Pulp Fiction, and dance to '
              'Western-style music at the local club. In the words of Kent '
              'Jones (Film Comment Sept/Oct 2002), the protagonists are '
              '"media-addicted, resigned to momentous change, and powerless to '
              'understand or affect it". Bin Bin lives with his mother (Bai '
              'Ru), who works at a local textile factory and sympathizes with '
              'the Falun Gong (an extreme Buddhist religious sect that has '
              'been persecuted by the Chinese Communist government). Apathetic '
              'and disengaged with no job and nothing to do, the two friends '
              'hang around the local community center playing pool and '
              'chatting with the regulars. After trying out for an acting job, '
              'Xiao Ji becomes attracted to Qiao Qiao (Zhao Tao) whose '
              'protective lover is gangster Quiao San. Xiao follows her around '
              'but seems unable or unwilling to make a move. When they finally '
              "go dancing, Xiao has to confront the threats of Quiao San's "
              'goons who finally catch up with him and slap him around. Bin '
              'Bin also has a girlfriend, Yuan Yuan (Zhou Qing Feng), but '
              'their romance seems to consist only in watching movies in a '
              'hotel room and singing popular songs (whose words suggest their '
              'own lives). Yuan Yuan has more purpose in life than Bin Bin and '
              'wants to study International Trade in Beijing. In a scene '
              "depicting Jia's wry humor, Xiao Ji puts Yuan's studies in "
              'perspective by saying, "WTO is nothing. Just a trick to make '
              'some cash" and Bin Bin declares to Yuan Yuan, " It is said that '
              'international trade is about buying rabbits to resell in the '
              'Ukraine." With little interest in common, they slowly drift '
              'apart. In a very telling scene, as Bin Bin sits in a booth in '
              'the inside of a train station staring blankly, Yuan Yuan rides '
              'her bicycle around and around, waiting for him to throw off his '
              'lethargy and join her.\n'
              'Though the boys hear about events in the outside world on '
              'television, for example, the winning of the Olympic Games by '
              'Beijing and the arrest of the leaders of the Falun Gong in '
              "Japan, they don't seem affected. Seemingly inured to "
              'unexplained violence, they are just mildly perplexed when a '
              'bomb explodes nearby with tragic results. Bin Bin asks whether '
              'the United States is attacking China.Shot in digital video that '
              'enhances its authenticity, Jia avoids pathos and sentimentality '
              'for a documentary-style realism that is deeply affecting. '
              'Although he focuses on the boys as victims of social and '
              'economic dislocation in China, the theme is more about feelings '
              'of abandonment, loneliness, and emotional numbness. Jia, one of '
              'the best of China\'s new generation underground "indie" '
              'directors, has captured this sense of ennui more palpably than '
              "any movie I've seen in a long, long time. When Xiao finally "
              'abandons his sputtering motor bike in the middle of a new '
              'superhighway, Jia seems to be suggesting that both he and China '
              'itself are at a precarious crossroads in their existence and '
              "must discard what isn't working if they are to move on.",
 'tt0322265': 'When I saw this movie it went under the name Fearless Hyena '
              "III. Luckily it was shown on tv, so I didn't waste any money on "
              "this one. It's without a doubt the worst kung fu movie I have "
              'ever seen. It seems like they went through the phone book to '
              'find a guy with a similar name to Jackie Chan then they put him '
              'in this movie, the difference between Jackie Chan and Jackie '
              'Chen is that the real action hero has impeccable fighting '
              "skills while Jackie Chen can't perform a kick properly. Neither "
              "can anyone else in this production. Don't watch it, whatever "
              'you do! Learn from my mistake. I gave it a 1, and trust me it '
              'deserved it.',
 'tt0323015': 'no wonder Mao chose her.The literal translation of the title of '
              "this movie is: Blood spread at Mount Wolf.Of course, Mao's wife "
              'Jiang Qing (with the permission and the help from Mao) was '
              'responsible for launching the catastrophic Cultural Revolution '
              'that ruined China, and as a result, she was deeply hated by '
              'every Chinese.However, we are not here to discuss her crimes in '
              'her later years, but instead, just focus on the purely '
              "entertainment look of Jiang Qing's earlier years and it is "
              'highly recommended to watch this movie to see her in her early '
              'movie years when she was young.As a side note, this movie was '
              'banned in China by Jiang Qing herself.',
 'tt0325731': 'The literal translation of the title of the movie is: Woman of '
              'the Good Family.The phrase Women of the Good Family is used to '
              'emphasize that the women is not a hooker.  Women are '
              'discriminated against in the traditional Confucian teaching '
              'already and there was no help in the old Chinese society to '
              'help those prostitutes who wanted to get out of the business.  '
              'The naming of the title of this movie is excellent in that it '
              'reflects the cultural introspection that was the hidden theme '
              'of this movie.',
 'tt0326383': '**SPOILERS!!**\n'
              "Not since Zhang Yimou's 'Not One Less' have I seen another film "
              "about the rural folk of China. Li Jixian's Wang Shouxian de xia "
              "tiang (Wang Shou Xian's High Sky Summer) tells the story of "
              'Wang Shouxian, a 12 year old who has a passion for films. '
              'Action films from Hong Kong that has Jackie Chan or Jet Li are '
              "his favorites. During one 'high sky summer', Shouxian's village "
              'got a visit from a film crew from Beijing. Their intention was '
              'to shoot a film there and to find a young boy to play the lead '
              'role.\n'
              'With an opportunity to become a film star at his fingertips, '
              'Shouxian manage to convince the directors of his acting '
              'talents.  The trick? Rubbing hot peppers into his eyes in order '
              'to cry during an audition. However, his dreams was dashed when '
              "the headmaster of the village school brought up Shouxian's "
              'tardiness in class and lessons. Therefore, the role was given '
              'to the class monitor, bright and studious Luan Liwei. '
              "Shouxian's best friend Xiao Liuzi thinks that Shouxian deserved "
              'the role more than Liwei. So, Liuzi distracts Liwei by setting '
              "off the cow belonging to Liwei's family, forcing Liwei to go "
              'looking for it. In addition, Liuzi also stole the script for '
              "Liwei's role. No guessing who got the lead role in the "
              "end.However, as Shouxian's involvement in the film got deeper, "
              "he questioned the lead character's preference for the village "
              'life rather than the city. This causes a conflict between '
              "Shouxian's ideals where he thinks the city life is better than "
              'the village. Hence he forgets his lines in his scenes and '
              'causes much anger in the director and the assistant director '
              'Mr. Liu. The scene was then abandoned and the crew left for '
              'other shooting locations. The next morning, Shouxian spotted '
              'the light meter left by the crew. With hope he can get '
              'redemption by returning the equipment, he sets off looking for '
              "them.I can't help but noticing the parallels of Not One Less "
              'and High Sky Summer; the rural village landscapes, the '
              'egalitarian village community in modern communist China. Even '
              'in the storylines, we have the leads tempted by the urban city '
              'life far from that of their rural village. Not One Less has the '
              'runaway student, and here we have Shouxian aspiring to be a '
              'famous actor in the big city. The underlying motive of both '
              'films are also equal; the importance of education. With '
              'education, only can those young children look forward to a '
              'brighter future. Shaoxian realised this when he had his glimpse '
              'of the city and how lost he is; in the films end he began '
              "paying attention to his studies and 'yearns' to achieve his "
              "dreams.If you don't mind another 'Not One Less' inspired film, "
              'this I recommend for the performances by the non professional '
              'leads.',
 'tt0327899': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: The Girl '
              'from Mount Yellow.Mount Yellow is the famous tourist '
              'attraction, the yellow mountain, in Anhui Province of China.  '
              'In the early era of reforms, many peasants left their home and '
              'move to cities in search of jobs and better life, and many '
              'female migrant workers from the rural areas are from Anhui '
              'Province.  Most of these female peasants found jobs as house '
              'maid and the protagonist in this movie is no exception.  This '
              'film is about the experience of her and many like her, '
              'reflecting the reform from a personal perspective.',
 'tt0328492': 'The movie titled the Sunset Street actually did exist in a '
              'rundown neighborhood in Peking, the capital of China.  The '
              'street no longer existed because in the era of rapid economic '
              'expansion thanks to the reform, there was huge infrastructure '
              'constructions going on in China, and the street, and the '
              'neighborhood around it was one of early ones that were '
              'bulldozed to the ground for new construction.The problem is '
              'that this movie made in the early era of the reform advocate '
              'the reform, but it forgets the protection of historical sites.  '
              'The street itself was by no means anything historical, because '
              'it was developed in the post-revolutionary era.  However, it '
              'was developed from the buildings/neighborhoods with several '
              'hundred years of history, and these adjacent buildings and '
              'neighborhoods met the same fate of the street when it was '
              'demolished.  This is the fatal flaw of this supposedly good '
              'film and such ignorance about the protecting the historical '
              'sites tarnished the original good intension of advocating '
              'reform.',
 'tt0328629': 'The plot line of this movie strongly resembles a Taiwan-made '
              "movie called (in English; I don't remember the Chinese exactly) "
              '"Five Girls and a Rope." Both movies concern five girls in '
              'pre-revolutionary China (twentieth-century, I think, although '
              "it's very rural---their feet are not bound, as was the custom "
              'in the old days) who are really, really unhappy about their '
              'lives. Basically, they know that as women, their lives are '
              'going to be really bad---one of them figured this out when her '
              "beloved grandmother wasn't allowed to sit and eat with the men "
              'at a banquet ostensibly in her honor, another is to be married '
              'off to a sickly old man, and so on. So, they form a five-girl '
              'suicide pact.',
 'tt0329775': 'I saw it during the Toronto International Film Festival. While '
              'the ending was a little ambiguous, something the director '
              'himself pointed out in a needlessly self-flagellating air, this '
              'film nevertheless is as clever and as witty as anything by '
              'Fassbinder, whom the director quoted after the film (in regards '
              'to their similar work aesthetic: Theatre one year, cinema the '
              'next).One is even tempted to label the film with pretentious '
              'descriptions such as "Seventh Generation" to mark its '
              'originality. Caveat emptor, though: The examination of the '
              'influence of a particularly American form of mass media in '
              "China is merely one aspect of the film, and as such doesn't go "
              'for the docudrama format as characterized by such films as The '
              'Insider, and to a lesser degree, Quiz Show. The focus from one '
              'narrative mode to another is handled admirably, especially from '
              'someone with a theatrical background. In fact, the film is '
              'filled with visual puns that never overstay their welcome and a '
              'remarkable photographic eye for a director who has up until now '
              'worked a theatrical muse.',
 'tt0332639': 'Human feelings are universal whether you are a Chinese living '
              'in a crowded and vulgar country village or an American living '
              'in a comfortable and affluent suburban neighborhood. However, '
              'the experiences are different enough that there are subtleties '
              'in this Chinese film that only Chinese can truly appreciate.I '
              'never wrote an online comment of a film before even though I '
              'have read a great deal. Unlike most of other films, comments on '
              'Chen Kaige\'s "together" is surprisingly divided into two '
              'extremes: love it or hate it. Maybe this observation prompted '
              'me to write something to express my feelings during and after '
              'watching this film.I grew up in a small town in rural China, '
              "very much like the one shown in the film. My father isn't a "
              '"vulgar" peasant as the father in the film, and I wasn\'t a '
              '"prodigy" of anything by any measures either. The kind of '
              'strong character and sensitivity the kid showed is something I '
              'wish I had when I was a teenager. The incredible sacrifice and '
              'love the father showed in the film is also a bit surreal to me. '
              'In other words, my experience is much more real with little '
              'melodrama involved.However, the film actually made me cry when '
              'sitting in the cinema, not just because of the melodrama and '
              'the music, more so because it made me miss my own father and '
              'remember many small moments between us that are not so much '
              'drama but only our daily experiences.When I left cinema, I '
              'overheard a middle-aged American white couple in front of me '
              'making comments: "a cute little film, isn\'t it?" I can tell '
              'from the dialogue that they experienced different things when '
              'watching the film because they appreciate the details of '
              'ordinary Chinese life such as how the coal is used for heating '
              'tea. To me, those details are not novelties to appreciate, they '
              'WERE my existence and everyday experiences.\n'
              'I will stop here not to violate the IMDB guideline. After all, '
              "everyone's experience is unique. Everyone has their ethos deep "
              'from their upbringing and culture. I am just glad that this '
              'film brings me a Chinese experience of love between a father '
              'and a son that I can relate to.',
 'tt0332831': 'May be if all films were like Springtime in a Small Town, life '
              'would be a tad boring. As it is, the film is a fresh breeze in '
              'a stale room, which is also an apt metaphor for the story of a '
              'childhood friend and old flame reappearing in a small town, '
              'disrupting a dull, lifeless marriage.This film is understated '
              'to the point of being minimalist. It is set in the aftermath of '
              'the Second World War, in a small town that has been '
              'systematically bombed and now mostly in ruins. In a run down '
              'old house lives a husband with a mysterious ailment; his young '
              'sister; a wife unsure of what she is looking for in life, '
              "certain only that she hasn't found it yet, and an old "
              'manservant. Into this mix comes a doctor from the big city, '
              'visiting his old friend. Upon arriving he is surprised to '
              'discover him married to his childhood sweetheart, the '
              'luminescent Yewen (Jing Fan Hu).So, we have the classic love '
              'triangle: except may be not. The tensions which develop between '
              'the three main leads are delightfully understated, but '
              'culminate in several set pieces of pure drama. Best of all, '
              'plot resolution is achieved without the director/scriptwriter '
              'feeling the need to tie up all of the emotional loose ends as '
              'well. Some may find this leaves an empty feeling. Me, I thought '
              "that's life.If you need another reason to watch this film "
              '(apart from the gentle, delicate story and the lovely acting) '
              'there is also the gorgeous cinematography of Ping-Bin Lee. This '
              'is not of the I-suspect-soon-to-be-ubiquitous overripe '
              'Christopher Doyle school, but an altogether more subtle and '
              'engaging beauty (though, interestingly, they worked together to '
              'create the Hong Kong classic, In the Mood for Love). Lee seems '
              'to be able to find beauty and mood in broken buildings, barren '
              'spaces and muted colours. It is a tragedy that the MTV '
              'generation pushed this film into the repertory theatres, as I '
              'would have loved to have seen it on a really big screen.I '
              'suppose people fed and watered on I Robot and Saving Private '
              'Ryan might well yawn all the way through Springtime in a Small '
              'Town, but I think it was easily the best film (that I saw) in '
              '2002. Well worth its 9/10 rating.',
 'tt0333058': 'because it faithfully followed the legends of Uighur people, '
              'and their folk hero Afanti.In China, the story of Afanti was '
              'also in Cartoons and books, and for cartoons, each independent '
              'story is an episode, which was among one of the first cartoon '
              'series in China.',
 'tt0333060': 'This film held several first in Chinese film industry '
              "simultaneously:It's 1st film in that describing "
              'romance/relationships in which both sides are Chinese ethnic '
              'minorities, not just one. Furthermore, both sides were played '
              'by minorities actor/actress as well.',
 'tt0333088': 'The name of the female protagonist is used as the title of this '
              'film.The lives of ethnic minority in China is accurately '
              'portrayed by the Sinitic or Han actors and actress, but the '
              'reason why these actors and actresses are so good is something '
              'nobody dared to mention at the time:Those actors and actress '
              'were exiled to the remote regions of China, where the ethnic '
              'minority resides during the Cultural Revolution as a form of '
              'political persecution.  Since this film is made just 3 years '
              'after the end of the Cultural Revolution, before the reform in '
              'China had begun, all of the reviews/critics at the time '
              'carefully avoided why the performers acted so good.',
 'tt0333099': 'I saw this movie in Singapore in about 1979 and went back to '
              "watch it a second time right away, I enjoyed it so much. It's a "
              "re-telling of a legend, so don't expect total realism. The plot "
              "is easy to check out by Googling, since it's a traditional, "
              'well-loved tale of the Sani people, a subset of the Yi people. '
              "The love story is touching, and there's lots for the eye in the "
              'people, costumes, and way of life. But best of all for me was '
              "the music. It's just wonderful! I wish I could find this movie "
              'on DVD. I wish I could find the sound track on CD.According to '
              "Wikipedia, Ashima is the first colour film of the People's "
              'Republic of China. The uploader of several clips of Ashima to '
              "YouTube says that Ashima and two other films were Chou En-Lai's "
              'attempt to move Chinese films away from strict doctrinaire, '
              "ideological subjects, but that when Mao's wife prevailed over "
              'him, the negative was put away and allowed to degrade badly.',
 'tt0333126': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Bai-Se '
              'UprisingThe movie gives an accurate portray of the uprising '
              'lead by Deng Xiao-Ping who later becomes the paramount leader '
              'of China.  Besides recreate the historical events exactly as '
              'they happened, another attempt of realism was to use the actual '
              'names of people involved, but the movie did not mention Deng '
              'for avoiding personal worship like Mao during the Cultural '
              'Revolution, but this tarnished the complete picture of realism '
              'because Deng was the most important player in this historical '
              'event, it is rather weird when other players had their real '
              "names used while Deng's was not.",
 'tt0333135': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Father '
              'and son of the Family of BaoThis film was made in the early era '
              'of reform, not long after the end of the Cultural Revolution, '
              'during which family members were turned against each other.  '
              'The deeper meaning behind this film is reconciliation, putting '
              'the past behind and move forward.',
 'tt0333292': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Strike '
              'the Invaders.The story was good but very unfortunately, it is '
              'tarnished by the fact this is a prelude of the Cultural '
              'Revolution, in which the armed forces were above all and many '
              'innocent people were exiled under the excuse of preparation for '
              'war.',
 'tt0333326': 'The literal translation of the title is: Armed working team '
              'behind enemy line.This film accurately portrays the guerilla '
              'warfare practiced by Chinese during the second World War in '
              'their struggle against Japanese fascist invaders.',
 'tt0333394': 'The literal translation of the title is The Flying thief of '
              '(Mount) E-Mei.Mount E-Mei is the holly site of both Buddhism '
              'and Taoism in Four River (Si Chuan) Province, and it is '
              'therefore one of the four major origin of Chinese martial arts, '
              'because both religion practice martial arts.',
 'tt0333527': 'The story is tight. The flow is natural and simple.The whole '
              'script is well written. Many well developed, colorful '
              'characters. The direction is so-so.The first half is OK. But it '
              'suffered in the following areas: 1. Many peripheral characters '
              'were too similar to the protagonist. Even the voices are '
              "similar. 2. The director doesn't seem to know how to shoot the "
              'night scenes. It seems there is no guy who knows how to do '
              'lighting.The second half is excellent. The characters such as '
              'Yu Zhen, Dong LaoLi, the little boy ShuanZi, are all very well '
              'written and well played roles. The female lead actress is so '
              'good, she lights up the entire screen.This movie was made in '
              "1979. It contains just a little bit of one Communist's "
              'doctrine: class warfare. Surprisingly, the movie has a lot of '
              'references to Buddism, Eastern religions, and traditional '
              'Chinese moral values.The movie is full of emotions. It has a '
              'feeling of realism. It also plays well at the psychic '
              'level.Even with the drawbacks I mentioned earlier, the '
              'writer/director Li Jun has done a marvelous job. This is really '
              'a gem, and a classic.',
 'tt0333538': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: the '
              'Beach.This movie made in the early era of the reforms in China '
              'is one of first that moved away from the typical political '
              'propaganda that dominated Chinese films for so long.  The plot '
              'revolves around the beach and it is a drama, not the common '
              'political propaganda issues such as boosting productivity or '
              'upholding Party principles. Although the drama was not as good '
              'as those in the west, but this film still deserves some credit '
              'for bringing in something new in the Chinese film industry.',
 'tt0333673': 'Urban residents who enjoys the better living standard in China '
              'often discriminate against the migrant workers from rural '
              'area.  Those from rural area often had to spend much greater '
              'effort than urban residents in order to improve their lives and '
              'this film is a tribute to their struggle.',
 'tt0333680': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Battle of '
              'JinanThis movie gives an accurate description of the battle of '
              'taking Ji-nan, the provincial capital of Shan-dong province.',
 'tt0333682': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Autumn '
              'Sky of the Capital.Mr. Pei-Si Chen is famous Chinese actor for '
              'his roles in comedies, but this movie is a drama, really not '
              'much comedy here.  Obviously, this movie did not produced the '
              'top-quality reviews among Chinese audience like his previous '
              'comedy works had accomplished.  Perhaps Mr. Pei-Si Chen should '
              'have watched the result of Mr. Jim Carrey going to drama and '
              'think before he does the same.  In fact, Jim Carrey faired '
              'better in that at least, his transition to drama was not '
              'direct, for example, from typical comedy to drama/comedy, such '
              "as Peggy Sue Got Married (1986).  Furthermore, Mr. Jim Carrey's "
              'transition was gradual, playing supporting roles instead of '
              'lead, which Mr. Pei-Si Chen did.  It was hard for the Chinese '
              'audience to accept the sudden change of comedy to drama because '
              'they were expecting comedy from Mr. Pei-Si Chen.',
 'tt0333690': 'Like the way they should be treated.  Previous war movies such '
              'as those in the Cultural Revolution glorified Mao as a saint '
              'who could do no wrong, a military genius.  This film finally '
              'break the myth:  He is just like ordinary people, also makes '
              'mistakes and other political leaders also argue about their '
              'differences.The literal translation of the title of this film '
              'is: After the Fierce Battle.',
 'tt0333762': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Whoever '
              'comes is alway a guest.To certain aspect, this movie appears to '
              'be a reflection of a modern problem in a new era: due to the '
              'rapid life cycle of highly competitive modern market economy, '
              'i.e. a capitalist society, everyone is busy trying make money, '
              'or at least busy at jobs for simply trying to survive, and the '
              'traditional type of friendship in which everyone had time to '
              'visit each other is diminishing fast.  Capitalizing on the '
              "people's eagerness for the type of close friendship of the old "
              'era, some people take advantage of others by exploiting this '
              'weakness.  In this aspect, the movie also appears to be a work '
              'of social criticism.',
 'tt0333979': 'Communist propaganda as it might be, but this film is also a '
              'critic of the bad part of in the Chinese culture, which lead to '
              'the eventual rebellion of fishermen. For example, the '
              'discrimination against fishermen by general public, such as the '
              'prohibition of fishermen to live on land, and even worse, the '
              'prohibition of fishermen to wear shoes when they walk on land. '
              'There are many not-so-favorable parts in the traditional '
              'culture that has been practices for centuries, but '
              'discrimination cannot last forever and eventually rebellion '
              'will erupt and any attempt to revert back into the bad ways '
              'will be futile.',
 'tt0334000': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Anonymous Phone Call.To classify this movie as horror is rather '
              'inaccurate, because the movie is actually a crime thriller, so '
              'crime/thriller should be the first choice.However, the idea of '
              'horror movie is not completely lost because the crime committed '
              'is indeed giving the Chinese audience certain feelings of '
              'horror, that is compared to other Chinese crime movies.  It is '
              'very difficult to decide whether such horror was intentional or '
              'just an accidental result of the film crew, but mixing horror '
              'with crime/thriller does indeed helps to create a suspense for '
              'this movie.',
 'tt0334022': "The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Women's "
              'Building.For non-Chinese audience, there is the need of some '
              'explanation in order to really appreciate this movie:In China, '
              'nurses are strictly the profession of women, and even today, '
              'there are extremely few male nurses.  The building where these '
              'nurses worked also has the significant symbolism:  the building '
              'symbolize the old traditional Confucian teachings which limits '
              "the children's choice of selecting their spouse by putting that "
              "task in the hand of their parents.The nurses' longing of "
              'personal happiness by choosing the one they really love, not '
              'the one approved by their parents are the great symbol of '
              'breaking free of the dross in the traditional culture, '
              'symbolized by the building they worked in.',
 'tt0334195': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Look at '
              'this family.This movie is a masterpiece of introspection on the '
              'effect, or more precisely, the trauma the Cultural Revolution '
              'left on the interpersonal relationships, and this is not for '
              'somebody famous, but just an ordinary family of common '
              'citizen.The story is told via the parent-children '
              'relationship/generation gap, and the already strained '
              'relationship between the parents and the children are further '
              'worsened by their personal experience.  Nobody is to blame, but '
              'the political system and the mad era.The movie carefully '
              'criticized the regime indirectly by criticizing the Cultural '
              'Revolution instead of government, and this is something '
              'difficult to discover for those who did not live through that '
              'mad era.',
 'tt0334198': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Autumn '
              'Harvest Uprising.This movie should be classified in the '
              'category of War, or War/Drama, because this movie is the '
              'accurate depiction of how Mao and his comrades lead the peasant '
              "uprising in the 1920's after the split between the Chinese "
              'communists and Chinese nationalists.This movie helped to '
              'launched the successful career of Mr. Yin Wang who played Mao '
              'Zedong in many later productions, mostly for TV.  '
              'Interestingly, enough, the casting director dismissed Mr. Yin '
              'Wang at very first glance during his audition, but he was '
              'called back as he was leaving, and consequently casted in the '
              'movie.',
 'tt0334339': 'This movie very accurately depicts what Westerners call "the '
              'Battle of Triangle Hill." It is very unfortunate that this '
              'movie is not largely known of in western media, and this can '
              'largely be attributed to the fact that this movie depicts the '
              "members of the People's Volunteer Army as being great heroes "
              'while the UN forces were shown as warmongering fools who '
              'squabble in their own filth. In this sense the movie does hold '
              'a bit of bias, but the overall depiction of the battle is quite '
              'accurate. It is very unfortunate how it is incredibly difficult '
              'to find this movie online or physical, and English copies are '
              'even less common. I have not found any conformation for this, '
              'but a few people claim that many of the actors in this movie '
              'where actually at the battle, and although this is possible, it '
              'is merely speculation.',
 'tt0334504': 'In comparison to The Accused made four years earlier, this '
              'movie is more in depth.  The Accused only criticized the '
              'problems that appeared back then, but this movie left many '
              'questions unanswered for audience to ponder about the future.  '
              'After watching this film, even the title of this film: Angel '
              'and devil appeared to be unclear and are subject to question.',
 'tt0334505': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'returning letter from heaven.This movie was originally intended '
              "as a children's movie, and it is made by the national "
              "children's movie studio of China.  However, the classification "
              'of this movie to the family category was much accurate and much '
              "better than the original children's movie because it had "
              'achieved something that is rare in China:Most Chinese '
              "children's movies cannot be classified into the family category "
              'because Chinese parents often dislike what is popular among '
              "kids, such as fashion and movie.  A kids' favorite movie may "
              'not be disliked by parents, but for most of the time, certainly '
              'not very much like either.  This movie is a rare piece of '
              'excellence in that both the Chinese parents and kids like it '
              'and the category of family is well deserved.',
 'tt0334683': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Ten '
              'thousand rivers and one thousand mountains.This movie is a '
              "general depiction of the famous 1930's Long March of the "
              'Chinese Red Army.  It is a condensed version of the combination '
              'of other movies made about the Long March, such as Bao Feng Yu '
              'Zhong De Xiong Ying (The Heroic Eagles in the Rainstorm, made '
              'in 1957), Dadu He (The Great River Crossing, made in 1980), Si '
              'Du Chishui (Crossing the Red River for 4 times, made in 1983), '
              'Tu Po Wu Jiang (Breaking through the Barrier of the Black '
              'River, made in 1961), and Shu Guang (Dawn, the one made in '
              '1979, not the one made in 1989).Of course, it is impossible to '
              'squeeze the entire epic into a movie that is no longer than two '
              'hours, because a movie about a single battle would be that '
              'long, so if you want to see the detailed depiction of each '
              'battle, then you have to watch the movies listed above.This '
              'movie is no that bad in that everything depicted here is just '
              'as accurate as those movies listed above, despite the fact it '
              'lacks details, and this movie is also unique in that it is told '
              'from the point of a junior officer instead of high ranking '
              'commanders.',
 'tt0334735': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Before '
              'the New Bureau Chief Arrives.This movie made in the early era '
              "of the People's Republic is a very mild criticism of "
              'bureaucracy.  Such criticism was what China really needed and '
              'still is today.  But very unfortunately, even criticism as mild '
              'as this was not tolerated and just merely a year later after '
              'this movie was made, Mao started the Anti-Rightists Movement in '
              '1957, and the desperately needed criticism was silenced for '
              'more than four decades, and China has suffered greatly at the '
              'same time due to the continuous political movements.',
 'tt0334738': 'I can barely believe this bizarro nightmare is real. Too much '
              'drama, but the bleached out scenes with the head are something '
              'to behold',
 'tt0334786': 'Literal translation was the Battle of ShanghaiObviously a '
              'political propaganda, though there are the honest depiction of '
              'how Nationalists lost the biggest city of China due to '
              'political infighting. The problem is that there is too much '
              'political lecturing given by the communist army commander and '
              'political commissar, who spoke directly to the camera as in '
              'televised lecturing in distant learning.',
 'tt0338893': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Great '
              'Triumph.The movie is based on the true story but this part of '
              'history was ignored for half a century in China because of the '
              'conflicts between nationalists and communists.  The historical '
              'account is finally told in the era of political liberalization '
              'before it is completely forgotten and this movie contributes '
              'greatly to this process.',
 'tt0339118': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Black and '
              'White World.Black and white are the terms used in Chinese '
              'literature to describe the organized crime and legitimate world '
              'respectively.  This movie is powerful drama based on the true '
              'stories of gangsters in China, an emerging problem in the era '
              'of reform, where reduction of governmental control leads to '
              'both the positive aspect such as greater personal freedom and '
              'the negative aspect such organized crimes.',
 'tt0339127': "Based on the true story of former-USSR's failed attempt to "
              'obtain the secrets of Chinese civil defense underground complex '
              'near Shanghai, the biggest city of China.The former-USSR '
              'actually did succeed in photograph all of the design blueprints '
              'of the civil defense underground complex, but they failed in '
              'smuggling the pictures out of China.',
 'tt0339128': 'This is an accurate depiction of the drug problem that is '
              'reappearing in China after forty years of extinction.  China '
              'was able to extinct the drug problem that plagued China for '
              "nearly a century when the People's Republic was first "
              "established, but in the rapid economic expansion of 1990's, the "
              'problem is coming back and this film serves as a warning to the '
              'public to face this re-emerging threat.',
 'tt0339269': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Bitter '
              'Vegetable Flower.This movie accurately describes the harsh '
              'female household live under war. However, such movie was one of '
              'the many tools Mao used to prepare the launch of the Cultural '
              'Revolution a year later.  Therefore, the movie deserves a big '
              'thumb down.',
 'tt0339891': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Wishing '
              'the best for children.This movie is an accurate reflection of '
              'the life in the early days of the post-revolutionary era in '
              'China, through the eyes of children and their parents.  '
              'Although the classification of drama is accurate, this movie '
              'can also be classified as in the category of family because it '
              'was well liked by both the children and their parents, for the '
              'simple reason that the movie had reflected the real life '
              'experience of most people who suffered from the war before life '
              'finally took a turn for the better when peace finally came.',
 'tt0339917': 'the fact is that it is simply not a propaganda.  Even for those '
              'who strongly oppose communism and claim that communism is in '
              'the same category of Bin Laden, this film serves a positive '
              'purpose:Like the film We Le He Ping (For Peace), released five '
              'years later, this film also shows the simple fact that '
              'corruption of the regime threatens the basic survival of '
              'ordinary people, which are forced to embrace radicalism, just '
              'like exactly how Bin Laden got his supporters.',
 'tt0339932': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Heroine '
              'Black Butterfly.Mr. Pei-Si Chen is an actor well like by '
              'Chinese audience for being famous in playing comic characters '
              'in movies, whether they are purely entertainment, or for '
              'something with deeper meaning hidden under the comical '
              'surface.  Mr. Pei-Si Chen should stay in the comedy because '
              'that is what he is good at.  This drama is a very lousy attempt '
              'of Mr. Pei-Si Chen trying to venture into something that he is '
              'not good at.  To make it clear, Pei-Si Chen going into drama '
              'from comedy is like Jim Carrey going into drama from comedy and '
              'not surprisingly, both attempts ended in failure.',
 'tt0339981': 'Literal translation of the title: 405 Murder.Pioneer in China '
              'was it all right, but was it a thriller? Probably not, instead, '
              'it turned out closer to horror rather than thriller.  We cannot '
              'blame it too much for this is one of the first attempt in China '
              'to divert away from the political propaganda, and for that, it '
              'deserve a perfect score for trying.',
 'tt0340015': 'Literal translation of the title is "pure blood sabre".This is '
              'an martial art action flicks of China, and it is purely '
              'commercial product that is geared to arouse public taste of '
              'martial arts',
 'tt0340043': "It's easy to dismiss this film as communist's gender "
              "egalitarian propaganda. However, it's extremely foolish to do "
              'so.In order to really appreciate this film, one needs to know '
              'the discrimination suffered by Chinese women due to the '
              'traditional Confucian teachings, which discourages women to get '
              'educated, and as an extension, there was superstitious believe '
              'of female on board would cause the ship to sink.The movie was '
              'based on the true story of the first group of female sailors '
              'from national merchant marine academy and their success is what '
              'is advocated by democracies as well: gender equality.',
 'tt0340046': 'The story is loosely based on the model worker Mr. Wang, '
              'Jin-Xi, who were first the model worker of Da Qing, the most '
              'famous oil field in China during the Culture Revolution era. '
              'The slogan of the time was "Industry has to learn from Qa Qing, '
              'agriculture has to learn from Da Zhai.", both were the models '
              'for other enterprises to follow, and one of the results was '
              'this propaganda film.',
 'tt0340065': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Great '
              'Clashes.This movie is a prelude to Da Chong Zhuang (1992), and '
              'the social criticism behind the two are identical: rural '
              'population did not and could not enjoy the benefit reform has '
              'brought like the urban population and future reforms must pay '
              'more attention to rural area.The difference between the two '
              'movie is that in Da Chong Zhuang (1992) the poor turned to drug '
              'trafficking to make big bucks while in this one, the '
              'protagonists survived the city in earning a living in  '
              'legitimate way.',
 'tt0340114': 'that is, the communist army, many of its members are orphans '
              'like the protagonist.  The movie also paints an accurate '
              'picture of the atrocities committed by fascist Japanese '
              'aggressors, and the Chinese heroic struggle of fighting the '
              'invaders. This is a typical representation of movies made '
              'during Cultural Revolution: besides those eulogize political '
              "movements and denouncing Mao's political opponents such as "
              'Field Marshal Lin Biao, the safest way was to pick something '
              'real from previous wars that does not touch the current '
              'politics.The literal translation of the film is: Youth in War',
 'tt0340126': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Good '
              'brothers.The younger one was spoiled and the old one the good '
              'one, always take care others. Mistaken identity caused trouble '
              'for everyone in the unit, and will the younger one be able to '
              'handle the stress like his older brother? Will he become as '
              'good as his older brother?',
 'tt0340151': 'The Chinese society emphasizes on Connections, which is totally '
              'different than western thought of Networking.  For Connections, '
              'one is dependent on others and is also obliged to be depends '
              'on.  This is a typical part of traditional Confucian teaching.  '
              'This film is a pioneer in advocating personal independence in '
              'the reform because the only essential person who can help you '
              'is yourself.',
 'tt0340166': 'there is some goods came out of it, and in fact, a great deal '
              'of goods. The ugly past of arranged marriage that has been '
              'practiced for five millenniums was finally abolished and people '
              'are encourage to find their true love, that is something to '
              'that has to be given credits for.',
 'tt0340185': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Golden '
              'Highway, part I.It is easy to dismiss this movie as communist '
              'propaganda, especially when this film was made during the '
              'Cultural Revolution.  However, it would be extremely foolish to '
              'do so because this film is actually a cautious survival attempt '
              'of the film crew by depicting something safe, that happened '
              'years ago and something without debate.',
 'tt0340202': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Blue '
              'Shield Safe. (The safe is where the diamonds stored).  This '
              'movie is based on the true story that actually happened at the '
              'city of Nanjing (Nanking), the provincial capital of Jingsu '
              'Province, which was the Chinese capital from the time of the '
              'overthrown of the Manchu empire until the establishment of the '
              "People's Republic.This movie is one of its kind in the Chinese "
              'movie industry in that it is the only film to date that '
              'describe the first generation law enforcement of '
              'post-revolution era.  What is more important is that unlikely '
              'previous political propaganda made during the Cultural '
              'Revolution in which law enforcement are portrayed as genius and '
              'criminals are portrayed as dummies, this movie honestly '
              'describes the inexperience and inadequacy the first generation '
              "law enforcement of the People's Republic and consequently, the "
              'resulting near catastrophic failures, thus depicting the cops '
              'as the way they really were, just like any human beings.The '
              'second importance of this movie is that it also honestly '
              'recognized the accomplishment and contributions of '
              'pre-revolutionary era cops who continued their services by '
              "joining the first generation law enforcement of the People's "
              'Republic after its establishment.  After all, fighting crimes '
              'by capturing serial murders/robbers are all honorable '
              'contribution to the society regardless the political climate '
              'and political regimes.The third thing that is unique is that '
              'this movie is the only one in which Mr. Shu Chen played a good '
              'guy.  Mr. Chen also played a bad guy due to his look and this '
              'is his only known positive role.  His name, however, is miss '
              'spelled as Xu Chen, instead of the Shu Chen, because he is so '
              'well known for playing the negative roles, and in this film, he '
              'played an misunderstood and suspected cop of the old regime who '
              'eventually turned out to be a good guy, and all of the '
              'suspicion and accusation against him were false. \n'
              'The director of this film feared that Mr. Chen was perfect for '
              'the role, and indeed he was, but the director also feared that '
              'if the audience already had a negative image about the '
              'character Pang Chaoli played by Mr. Chen due to what he played '
              'in the past, the result might not be acceptable for the '
              'audience, since Mr. Chen was famous in playing bad guys.  '
              'Remember, this movie was just made at the beginning of the '
              'reform in China, an era in the Chinese film industry still '
              'dominated by political propaganda, one characteristic of it is '
              'that good guys have good look while bad guys have evil look, '
              'and audience were accustomed to this formality.  Since Mr. '
              "Chen's face could not be changed, his name was changed.  Such "
              'measure proved to be completely unnecessary, however and this '
              'perhaps is the only flaw of the movie.',
 'tt0340226': 'This is actually an interesting film exploring the crime '
              'solving and investigative tactics used in ancient China.It '
              'would be a great movie, had there not been too much martial art '
              'type actions.  However, the martial arts acts are not like '
              'those of typical martial art movies because it was not meant to '
              'be one, and this makes the action too much and a little too '
              'lame.',
 'tt0340300': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Bridge.The classification of this movie should be '
              'drama/thriller because it is based on the actual war story.  '
              'The drawback of this movie is that it had concentrated too much '
              'on the interpersonal relationships of the workers and of '
              'course, the lecturing of political propaganda.  In contrast, '
              'the combat actions of war in real life was merely mentioned, '
              'and furthermore, the technical achievement of rebuild the '
              'bridge under the extreme primitive conditions and the scarcity '
              'of available resources were not emphasized enough either.  '
              'These forgotten events tarnished the original good plot.',
 'tt0340305': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'Sound of Stream.In the era of reform in China, enterprises are '
              'getting rid of those business that makes no money, and '
              'kindergarten for the employees are the first to go, because not '
              'only it does not make any money, it was in fact losing money. '
              'The problem is that enterprises are getting rid of such '
              'business in a hurry, while no substitute had been established '
              'in the society yet, and as a result, this created many social '
              "problems.One the surface, this movie eulogizing Grandma Tao's "
              'selfless sacrifice of starting a private owned kindergarten at '
              'her own home, enduring hostility from her relative, but '
              'eventually succeeded, but in reality, this movie actually was '
              'actually warning the society of this problem.Ironically, such '
              'warning was unheard, and in fact, the kindergarten of the film '
              'studio where this movie was produced was closed several months '
              'later after this movie was made, and all of its employees, '
              'including the film crew that made this movie had scramble to '
              'find new kindergartens for their kids.',
 'tt0340396': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Natural '
              'Born coward.This classification of this movie should be '
              'crime/comedy is more proper, though it remains a question '
              'whether it was the original intend of the film crew to make it '
              'a comedy or not.The three crimes were loosely based on the '
              'truth crime that really happened, and the film crew put them '
              'together for the story.  Originally, the real cops who solved '
              'these crimes would probably be offended by the protagonist in '
              'this movie, but the accidental comic effect would certainly '
              'mitigate such impression.In short, this movie is better than '
              'Minjing Gu Shi made in the same year, but not too much better, '
              'so it is not as dull as dishwater, but not tasty soup either.',
 'tt0340400': 'Huge epic war film about the clash of Japanese and Chinese '
              'armies at the Kunlun pass. Its the story of an important '
              'victory for the Chinese that slowed down the Japanese advance '
              'during the Sino-Japanese War that lead into World War '
              'Two.Filmed on a scale that is rare in film, especially prior to '
              'todays use of computer generated images. This is a film of huge '
              "armies clashing across big battle fields. If you've ever wanted "
              'to see what tens of thousands of men look like crashing into '
              'each other this is the movie for you. From a visual stand point '
              'the imagery is over whelming. Sure the deaths are mostly '
              "bloodless, but at the same time I'm not sure that one could "
              'endure the film if blood and body parts went flying. This is a '
              'film that is grand spectacle (think the battle scenes of Lord '
              'of the Rings but with real people and guns).On levels other '
              "than the spectacle I'm not certain what to make of it. To be "
              'honest I saw this film with out English subtitles. the DVD I '
              'picked up said it had them, but regrettably there were '
              'none.(The box also was in error about the running time, it '
              'listed 112 minutes when in fact its 130). Without the subtitles '
              'I was forced to guess as to what was happening. The narration '
              'and titles that explained the characters and events were also '
              'lost on me. While I could follow the story well enough, the '
              'details were lost on me. Even so there are some major bumps in '
              'the film mostly owing to the "rah rah" telling of the story. '
              'Made in Mainland China this is a film with a political point '
              'and its one that the filmmakers feel they have to spell out '
              'frequently. Even sans subtitles its clear there are simply too '
              'many moments where talk of saving China lifts the morale of the '
              'men, or the wounded off their bed, or makes a bad guy do '
              'something good. Its painfully obvious jingoistic propaganda '
              'that under cuts the drama. Its moments like this that are '
              'unintentionally hilarious in any language (or coming from any '
              'country).Silly propaganda moments aside this is a good war '
              "movie. Its the sort of thing that I'm certain will be better "
              'when I can see it and understand what is being said.This is '
              'something for war movie fans to keep an eye out for.',
 'tt0340448': 'without obvious political propaganda.  The literal translation '
              'of the title is: blood spilled on the flower pot.Variety of '
              'films finally came to China thanks to the reform that begun in '
              "the 1980's, Chinese audience can have something other than "
              'political indoctrination.',
 'tt0340453': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Bloody battle at the Village of Tai-Er.This war movie, like '
              'most Chinese war movies, are based on the true story that '
              'really happened in real life.  What makes this movie unique is '
              'that unlike previous denial or willful ignoring, for the first '
              'time in the history of post-revolutionary era Chinese film '
              'industry, the contributions of the nationalists, the enemy of '
              'communists, were accurately acknowledged by the Chinese '
              'governments.  Everything in the movie was as realistic as '
              'possible, the real names of the generals, commanders were used, '
              'all the way down to the battalion level, and all the places had '
              'their original names. Taiwan purchased the copyright of this '
              'movie.',
 'tt0340455': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Sunny '
              'Day.This movie is the typical political propaganda of mid '
              'Cultural Revolution era, and follow the standard format of '
              'eulogizing the Cultural Revolution, and denouncing Field '
              'Marshal Biao Lin, but without any bashing on Xiao-Ping Deng, '
              'who later became the paramount leader of China and started the '
              'reform in China, resulting in the rapid Chinese economic '
              'expansion today.The reason Deng was spared temporarily was '
              'because by the middle of the Cultural Revolution, he was still '
              'in the labor camp in the remote region of Jiang-Xi province in '
              'southern China, and Mao had not named him deputy premier yet.  '
              'Deng bashing would appear in the later political propaganda '
              'films of the Cultural Revolution era.',
 'tt0340462': 'Once again, based on the true story, and once again, this war '
              'movie is drawn from the rich resources of actual events in the '
              'Chinese civil war. The Mount Hua was very difficult to climb, '
              'and there was only one way, or so was everybody thought, but '
              "mountain troops of People's Liberation Army shattered the myth "
              'by finding another one.',
 'tt0340587': 'The protagonist of this movie is the character played by Muran '
              'Li, who was a famous stage play performer.  Most stage '
              'performers in west had experienced difficulties in transition '
              'to major movie roles, and in fact, for many actors, transition '
              'for TV to movies are proved to be difficult.  The same problem '
              'is faced by Chinese actors and actresses as well.  Muran Li, in '
              'contrast to most, had made the successful transition from one '
              'to another and this film is one of the example.',
 'tt0340623': 'The literal translation of the title is Huansheng Chen went to '
              'city.Huansheng Chen, an ordinary worker who prefer to live a '
              'quiet live could not get his wish simply because he had a '
              'friend who was a high ranking official, the state party '
              'secretary, and everyone wanted to utilize this relationships '
              'except himself.First, against his wish, his factory forced him '
              'to goto the city as a buyer for the urgently needed material, '
              'and then in the hotel, another buyer from a different factory '
              'became his good friend in hope of getting his help because the '
              'latter had no such favorable connection like him.The official '
              'in charge of the distribution of the urgently needed raw '
              'material was under corruption investigation, did not ask any '
              'favor in helping Huansheng Chen and his friend, in hope of them '
              'putting good word for him before the big part boss, the state '
              'party secretary.Huansheng Chen, who had absolute no idea about '
              'why things went so smooth for him, failed to get every clue his '
              'buyer friend gave him and a series of comical events happened '
              'around him.This film, based on the novel with the same title, '
              'is a masterpiece of social criticism in the form of political '
              'satire, criticizing not only the actual crime of the '
              'corruption, but also the Soviet style centralized control and '
              'the planned economy that were the very cause of the corruption '
              'and inadequacy.',
 'tt0340626': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Chongqing Negotiation.This film gives an accurate portrayal of '
              'peace negotiation between the nationalists and communists after '
              'the World War II.  This part of the history was banned and '
              'ignored in China for nearly half a century and the release of '
              'this film symbolize the final acknowledgement of past by the '
              'Chinese government.',
 'tt0340628': 'Instead, blame on Cultural Revolution, during which this movie '
              'was made. Mr. Jin Xie was just released from the labor camp and '
              'ordered to make this movie.  If he did not make this piece of '
              'political propaganda, his fate would be worse than back to the '
              'labor camp, and this particular film is no different than all '
              'other films made in that turbulent political era.',
 'tt0340764': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is Happy '
              'WorldA standard political propaganda for the political movement '
              'launched by Mao by politicizing the interpersonal '
              'relationships.',
 'tt0340925': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Wish.This movie is a movie version equivalent, as well as a '
              'prelude to the later very popular TV series titled Ke Wang, '
              "first aired in China during the 1990's.This movie just reflects "
              'a simple wish of the common citizens in China: no more '
              'turbulent political turmoils, no more back stabbing by others, '
              'no big wishes such as getting millions of dollars, just a '
              'simple wish of living happily with an adequate salary with all '
              'basic needs satisfied and may be a little bit more.The TV '
              'series did create a big uproar because people really liked it, '
              'thanks to this movie, which paved the way for the later '
              'success.  However, the movie itself was not as successfully as '
              'the TV series, in fact, not even close, but the TV series '
              'producer learned from the movie and corrected all the flaws '
              'thus became successful.',
 'tt0340970': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Exterminating bandits in the desert.This movie, like most '
              'Chinese war movies, is based on the true story that actually '
              'happened.  It has a little historical value in that it gives an '
              'accurate depiction of the calvary troops, which was disbanded '
              'in most countries after the end of World War II.However, this '
              'is a different political propaganda of the Great Leap Forward '
              'era in that unlike other political propaganda of its time, this '
              'one does not directly eulogizing the Great Leap Forward, but '
              'instead, looks on something in the past, in an effort to divert '
              'public attension away from criticizing the absurdity of the '
              'Great Leap Forward.  Therefore, the movie cannot deserve any '
              'high grade.',
 'tt0341111': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: The '
              'Storms of Crime Investigation.This is a crime drama about crime '
              'investigation of Chinese law enforcement packed with actions, '
              'and in it, the movie pointed out some problems that are common '
              'to the law enforcement establishment of world such as lack of '
              'funds, and lack of manpower, especially those postgraduate '
              'students who are willing to dedicate themselves to law '
              'enforcement.',
 'tt0341125': 'Although everything in the movie was based on true stories of '
              'Chinese policewomen of various regions in China, this accurate '
              'movie did not paint a complete picture:Just like the American '
              'firemen responding to emergency calls, 75% of the emergency was '
              'asking for first aid instead of fire and animal rescue, first '
              'aid requirement also composes more than half of request for '
              'Chinese policewomen, and a huge training effort is spent '
              'accordingly and this significant part of police work was left '
              'out.',
 'tt0341128': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Building '
              'the Sword.Audience needs to know a little Chinese history in '
              'order to understand this movie (or to hate this piece of '
              'junk):The Kingdom of Chu in Southern China was one of the many '
              'kingdoms existed in China around 2500 years ago, and Mo Xie, a '
              'famous ancient Chinese metallurgist renowned for building good '
              'swords resided there.  The King of Chu was a tyranny and '
              'ordered Mo Xie to build swords for him but Mo Xie did not like '
              'the idea, only presented the king the second class product '
              'while the best swords he built was smuggled out of the '
              'kingdom.  As a result, he was killed by the king, but his '
              'friends and relatives tried to avenge his death by helping '
              'other countries that defeated the Kingdom of Chu.The film crew '
              'had other ideas about the revenge because what really happened '
              'in the history was not exciting enough, so the revenge part was '
              'changed into what we see in the movie, full of martial arts '
              'moves but such alteration is badly done, and appeared fake and '
              'ridiculous.',
 'tt0341301': 'It is just nonsense to call this film a political propaganda. '
              'The film is a Henan Quju opera documentary and it has nothing '
              'to do with politics. The Quju story of Chen Sanliang Pa Tang '
              'was created in the early Qing Dynasty and was very well '
              'inherited and developed by the Quju master Zhang Xinfang. Zhang '
              'was one of the best known Quju performer. She herself had a '
              'difficult time in the culture revolution because of her effort '
              'in keeping and developing the old traditions of Quju arts. For '
              'people who know nothing about Quju, it is needed to mention '
              'that Quju is a genre of traditional opera well known in the '
              'middle region of China. Its history can be dated back to the '
              'Ming and Qing dynasty, more than 400 years ago.Nowadays, it '
              'seems to be a fashion to everything about China after 1949 a '
              'political label. However, to call this traditional art born '
              'even before the communism a political propaganda is not only '
              'ridiculous but also offensive and outrageous. As a matter of '
              'fact, master Zhang Xinfang (as Chen Sanliang in the film) was '
              'under pressure herself because of her effort to preserve the '
              'traditions and arts in the culture revolution. Master Zhang '
              'Xinfang is still alive today but at a high age now. There is a '
              'danger that her art and her story will be lost forever with her '
              'life. An art of 500 years of heritage will be lost forever. She '
              "and her art deserve people's respects and it is not right to "
              'call it political propaganda! I have to rate this film 10 for '
              'excellence because it can be the only documentary of master '
              "Zhang's early performance. No body can repeat her excellence "
              'because no body can be that diligent in pursuing arts and no '
              'body struggle in a harsh era like her again. See the film and '
              'may be you want to learn more about this old lady and the real '
              'Chinese culture.',
 'tt0342095': 'The literal translation is "The forgotten corner of love".Women '
              'are not the only people who are discriminated against in '
              'Confucianism, the other group was discriminated against was the '
              'ex-convicts, even though they are completely reformed.  This is '
              'why the love story between a reformed ex-convict and a young '
              'girl is really nothing in west, where the society is far more '
              'tolerant, but it is a huge thing in China.',
 'tt0342246': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Codename '
              'Two One Three.The story is so-so and other crime movies made '
              'around the same time were much better in having superior '
              'thrills (whether intended or not), but this movie does deserve '
              'some credit for being one of the first thrillers in the post '
              'Cultural Revolution era, previously dominated by political '
              'propaganda only.',
 'tt0342312': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Colorful '
              'Morning Light.This movie in the early era of reform is a piece '
              'of good work in advocating personal liberalization, just like '
              "the title, people's lives should be as colorful as that of "
              'morning light, not a single color defined by the Party.',
 'tt0342513': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Composite '
              'ManDue to the backwardness of Chinese film industry in the '
              "1980's, the special effects was virtually none-existent in "
              'Chinese film industry and this inevitably effected the quality '
              'of early Chinese sci-fi, which appears more be '
              'mystery/thriller/adventure.',
 'tt0342555': 'If you like the films of Wong Kar-Wai you will enjoy this '
              'vital, actionful and heart-wrenching love story.  I just saw I '
              'Love You at the 2003 Sundance Film Festival where I also saw '
              'festival darling Dopamine, another film about love.  Where '
              'Dopamine was a predictable and slick televisionism, I Love You '
              'was surprising, brutal and real. Despite its emotional and '
              'musical embellishments, the film engages us immediately in the '
              "tragic love of a flawed young couple.  Zhang Yuan's simple "
              'fevered frame never lets up through several unexpected turns '
              'and revelations.  The performances by the two leads are fresh '
              'and unusual.  The story takes place in small spaces and a bleak '
              'city, but the electric relationships are familiar, frustrating '
              "and funny.  Zhang doesn't employ the same stylistic flourish as "
              'Wong, but the masterful direction, insightful characterizations '
              'and poetic camera mark the two as members of the same '
              'generation of Chinese filmmakers telling urban stories rich in '
              'human perception.  An original and overwhelming movie about '
              "love.  I will seek out this director's other films.",
 'tt0342697': "Finally a movie from Mainland China who's not afraid to show "
              'all the miseries of a society that is far away from being equal '
              'from an economic point of view. The contrast between the '
              'district in which the protagonist works and the richness of the '
              'business man who thinks money can buy everything could come '
              'from any capitalistic country, surely not from a supposedly '
              'communist one. But what really strikes in "Life Show" is the '
              'performance offered by Hong Tao in the role of the beautiful '
              'owner of a small restaurant doomed to be swept away by the '
              'affairs of some businessmen. Nevertheless, she remains an '
              'optimistic romantic, at least until one final unexpected blow. '
              'Worth viewing, even only for an actress that really deserves to '
              'be known abroad more than colleagues like Gong Li or Joan Chen, '
              'celebrated almost only for their look.',
 'tt0342778': 'It was hard to believe the budget on which this movie was shot, '
              'as it puts most of the big budget Hong Kong (not to mention '
              'Hollywood) movies to shame in the cinematography stakes. This '
              'is the story of the fabled honest cop, who loses his gun during '
              "a drunken night at his brother's wedding, and his subsequent "
              'efforts to recover it. It is at once surreal, hilarious, '
              'paranoiac, and exhilarating... a real rollercoaster of a movie. '
              'The acting is superb, the scenery gorgeous, and the direction '
              'as tight as a drum. If you have not yet seen this one, do '
              'yourself a favour, and seek it out at your nearest Chinatown '
              "DVD shop. You won't regret it.",
 'tt0342830': 'This movie made in the early era of reform in China is a '
              'pioneer in personal liberalization, just like other movie of '
              'its time, such as Baige (White Pigeon).What this movie '
              'advocates is something westerners take for granted: personal '
              'liberalization such as seeking out your own happiness, select '
              'the one you love, not the one chosen by your parents, or the '
              '(communist)Party.Today, this movie would not mean a big thing '
              'even in China, not mentioning in west, but for Chinese, it was '
              'just 2 decades ago, this reflect the huge change China has gone '
              'through in the 20 years, and it is difficult to appreciate it '
              'if you have not live through that absurd era.',
 'tt0343105': "I'm from China. This afternoon I watched this movie, and "
              'attended the communication with Mr. Chen, the Director.Ma '
              'Shenyi, the father of this family, is ill (I mean worse than '
              'just "HIV positive") now. We felt sad when heard this news.Ma '
              'Rong, the younger sister, almost died. However, the father gave '
              'her medicine provided to him in smaller quantity and her '
              'illness is stable.Ma Niu, the elder sister and the only family '
              "member who's not HIV positive, is promised to be supported for "
              'her education spending.And some other information, the song in '
              'this film was sung by a local old person, whose son and '
              'daughter-in-law were dead because of AIDS.',
 'tt0343195': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the Old '
              'star and the new star.I must admit that I was quite shocked by '
              'this movie because of the excellent performance of Mr. You Ge '
              'in drama.  Mr. You Ge is generally known in China for being '
              'famous as an actor in comedy, but he is just equally at home as '
              "in drama.  Mr. You Ge's most famous performance in drama is in "
              'the much more commonly known Huo Zhe (To Live), made three '
              'years later in 1994, which met the unfortunate fate of being '
              'banned in China (has the ban being lifted in China yet?), but '
              'this less known drama is an excellent example of he has already '
              'achieving that earlier.',
 'tt0343213': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: drafting '
              'the conscripts by force.This movie paints an accurate picture '
              'of how the nationalist army get their soldiers in the '
              'pre-revolutionary era China.  There really is not much '
              'political propaganda in this movie and everything is exactly as '
              'it had happened in real life.However, audience are easily '
              'fooled if they believe that this is not a political propaganda, '
              'the trick is Time, i.e., the time it was released. This movie '
              'was made in 1963, the last year of massive famine which was the '
              "direct result of Mao's disastrous Great Leap Forward political "
              'movement. The massive famine resulted in ten of millions of '
              'death in the three years of the so-called "Difficult era" by '
              'Chinese government, and as a result, movies like this was made '
              'to divert public attention away.  This is why this movie is a '
              'political propaganda.',
 'tt0343566': "The harsh condition of coal miner in the 1920's is reappearing "
              'in China after 1992.  The reason was partially due to the '
              'liberalization reform for the urban area in China.  When '
              'private enterprise were allowed to develop coal mines, most '
              'greedy bosses ignored the safety condition and labor laws, '
              'resulting in the same harsh working condition depicted in the '
              'movie, an exact repeat of what happened seventy years ago.When '
              "this film was first made, the urban reform of the 1990's had "
              'mot been implemented, and it would be a good thing for the '
              'emerging business owners, including coal mine bosses, and '
              'governmental bureaucrats to re-watch this film for educational '
              'purposes.',
 'tt0343571': 'The literal translation of the title is: the Cradle with '
              'wheels.What audience needs to know is that in the traditional '
              'Chinese culture, in particular, Confucianism, having a baby '
              'without being married first is not tolerated, even if the kid '
              'is adopted (it is honored if you help orphans, but adopting one '
              'is a totally a different matter, whether you are married or '
              'not).  This is why the baby was abandoned and this is why the '
              'taxi driver deserves a salute of the highest honor in a society '
              'of intolerance, especially when he has neither the wealth nor '
              'the social status.',
 'tt0343885': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Opening '
              'up the Heaven and Earth.The progress made in this movie '
              'includes that protagonists such as Mao Zedong and other Chinese '
              'communist party founders were portrayed as people, instead of '
              'being eulogized as gods like typical Chinese movies, but this '
              'could not make up for its problem:The main problem is that many '
              'of the founders of the Chinese communist party later betrayed '
              "their believe and defected to the enemy's side, and for these "
              'early founders, the movie did not emphasize their contributions '
              'enough, and such avoidance is willful.  As a result, the movie '
              'did not tell the complete story like it should.',
 'tt0344331': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Cross '
              'the Red River for Four times.The movie, like most Chinese war '
              'movie, is based on the true story that happened in real life.  '
              'This movie paints an accurate picture of how Mao lead Red Army '
              'escaped the enemy dozens time of their force.  However, there '
              'are some points this movie failed to give an accurate '
              'depiction.  For example, the original plan was totally ignored '
              'because it was a failure. The original targets of the original '
              'plan was much superior than the Red Army both in numbers and '
              'weaponry, and the Red Army suffered heavy casualties without '
              'achieving the original goals, so Mao promptly changed the plan, '
              'which lead the consequent victories, which were accurately '
              'depicted in the movie.  The problem of not being able to '
              'describe the flawed original plan was because the plan was set '
              "by Mao's friends who helped Mao back in power by joining him "
              'defeating the pro-Soviet faction within the Chinese communist '
              'party, and thus these people are eulogized by Chinese '
              "government, and Mao's subsequent success in battles in turn "
              'helped his friend who made military blunder.  Even though the '
              'fault was not directly caused by Mao, but criticizing those '
              'eulogized by the government were still not allowed in the early '
              "1980's.",
 'tt0344568': 'Based on a novel by Mian Mian (the actress who plays Casper) '
              'called We Are Panic, which is now banned by the communist '
              'Chinese Government. This DV feature gives us a glimpse into the '
              'lives of 4 shanghai teenagers, who are part of the current '
              "'lost generation' of Chinese kids, brought about by China's one "
              'child policy. They experiment with drugs and sexuality in an '
              'explicit but not voyeuristic manner. The first half of the film '
              'centres around an HIV panic in a group of clubbing friends, but '
              "then spreads out into other 'panics' amongst the group of "
              'friends. The film is not directed in the conventional sense as '
              'it is shot in a documentary style, giving it a visceral gritty '
              "feeling of reality, following the 'lost' teenagers through the "
              'seedy streets of late night Shanghai. This being an independent '
              'feature, showing the true reality of Shanghai, not usually seen '
              'in Chinese films that and as a result got only a few viewings '
              'within China. Best described as a Chinese Larry Clark film, '
              'with gritty and dark subject matter with little not shown off '
              'screen.',
 'tt0344589': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Moon '
              'Crescent.This movie is a touching, in fact, a very touching '
              'depiction of the mother-daughter relationship.  It might not '
              'appear so to westerners but it is for Chinese, simply because '
              'Chinese women have suffered thousands of years discrimination '
              'by the traditional Confucian teaching.  Such heavy burden of '
              'the dross in the traditional culture does not evaporate '
              'overnight by the overthrown of the Qing Dynasty, which ended '
              'thousands of years of feudal rule of China.  Women live in '
              "1920's China had no better fate than those lived under feudal "
              'reign because there was no difference.  This is why the movie '
              'is especially touching for women who had lived through that '
              'era.',
 'tt0346565': 'Biographical account of the great Canadian internationalist Dr. '
              "Norman Bethune's life in China.  One of many westerners who "
              'came to China in assisting Japanese aggression and fighting '
              'fascists.  What the movie forgot to tell was him giving up the '
              'comfortable lives as a wealthy doctor in Canada, and choose to '
              'goto the front line, not just in the rear area.',
 'tt0346810': 'When the Engineer from Hei Pao Shi Jian (1986) got promoted, he '
              'was stocked with endless meetings that were meaningless.  To '
              'free himself from this problem, he made a robotic duplica of '
              'himself.What the Engineer did not realize was that these '
              'meetings were also the breeding ground of corruption.  Soon his '
              'robotic duplica was drawn to the world of bribery and kickback, '
              'and when the engineer realized this, it was too late, and he '
              'had to destroy the robot in order to end all of these.The film '
              'shows the criticism of the corrupted and inefficient '
              'bureaucracy and even though it was made more than one and half '
              'decade ago, the problem depicted still applies to current '
              'situation of China.',
 'tt0346816': 'It used to be all pre-revolutionary cops are evil because they '
              'were part of the tools used to suppress revolutionaries.  This '
              'movie gives an honest depiction on pre-revolutionary era police '
              'work of solving crimes and thus gives credits to the good '
              'things the pre-revolutionary law enforcement did for the '
              'Chinese society.',
 'tt0346819': "The local warlord's troop that blocking the Red Army was poorly "
              'equipped because the region the warlord controls had no battles '
              'for decades.  As a result, the troops were not trained and the '
              "weapon was not maintained: most bullets used by the warlord's "
              'troop did not function properly and the maximum range was less '
              'than 100 meters, and there was no automatic weapons used, in '
              'fact not even semi-automatic rifles.In contrast, the assault '
              'team of the Red Army were equipped with automatic weapons such '
              'as USA and German made submachine guns that had range at least '
              "twice the range of that of local warlord's troop, or even three "
              'times. The Red Army also perfectly maintained its weaponry and '
              'as a result of these combined factors, the Red Army succeeded '
              'in its objective.The advantage of the Red Army was accurately '
              'shown in this film, however, the disadvantage of its opponents '
              'was not adequately shown, giving the audience fake impression '
              'of the enemy of the Red Army were better equipped and thus the '
              'Red Army soldiers were supermen.',
 'tt0346833': "The literal translation of the title of this film is: Party's "
              'daughterThis is an unsuccessful propaganda because in reality, '
              'communists lost the popular support due to the purges in the '
              "1930's, following that of Joseph Stalin, and Mao was one of the "
              'victim who were almost killed in the purge and only at the last '
              'minute was he saved, and the film was consequently criticized '
              'by Mao and other top brass.',
 'tt0346975': 'The story is completely fictitious.  What needs to be noted '
              'here is that the White Alliance is actually White Lotus sect of '
              'Buddhism that was banned for by every dynasty since Mongol '
              'rule.  The White Lotus sect of Buddhism is always defined as '
              'peasantry uprising by the Chinese government and any attempts '
              'to mitigate its image would be a counterrevolutionary crime.  '
              'The permission of a complete opposite view of White Lotus '
              'Buddhism is a sign of progress made in the political '
              'liberalization in China.',
 'tt0347404': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the Huge '
              'Battle of Divorce.The hidden theme behind story is that this '
              'movie points out the urgent need of updating the Chinese '
              'divorce law because as reform progressed, the old laws no '
              'longer applied.',
 'tt0347405': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Divorce '
              'Contract.This movie is a light hearted version with a happy '
              'ending, in comparison to the Huge Battle of Divorce (Li Hun Da '
              'Zhan) made two years later.  The other difference between the '
              'two was that the hidden theme behind this movie is just a good '
              'wish for everyone to have a happy life and put the unpleasant '
              'experience behind.  There is no obvious social criticism like '
              'in other movies about divorce in China.',
 'tt0347442': "The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Doe's "
              'echo in the Green Valley.Based on the true story of a young '
              'guerrilla who lost contact with the main force.  Although it '
              'happened during World War II, there was no battles fought after '
              'the young guerrilla member got lost, but he did establish the '
              'trust and friendship between himself a doe who just lost its '
              'fawn by first sharing his corn with it, and the friendship and '
              'trust eventually spread to all kids.  This part of the history '
              'was in the novel but omitted in the movie.  The rest of the '
              'story was accurately reflected in the movie and you have to '
              'watch the movie yourself to find out.What was even more amazing '
              'and not told neither in the novel nor in the movie was that '
              'after the World War II, the deer survived the Chinese civil '
              'war, thanks to the remote and inaccessible location, and but '
              'two of the youth did not, both were killed in battles in the '
              'Chinese civil war after the rejoining the guerrilla.  The '
              'remaining kid was discharged from the army after the '
              'revolution, and he was assigned as a forest police/patrol at '
              'the valley where he first met the doe.During his patrol, he '
              'always shared his food with deers he encountered as a way to '
              'show his appreciation for the doe whose milk saved the baby '
              'when they were in the mountains, even though the baby later '
              'died in the city after the revolution.  One day, a doe with a '
              'fawn came to him and did not move on like the rest of deers '
              'after finishing the food he gave them, and the forest patrol '
              'recognized the doe was the one he met when he was with other '
              'guerilla members and the infant during World War II, and the '
              'doe still recognized him.Ever since that fateful day, the doe '
              "established her territory next to the forest patrol's post and "
              'they visit each other daily, or perhaps her territory was '
              'already there before the cabin was built.  During the extreme '
              'harsh winters, the doe would stay in his cabin, but whenever '
              'the is enough food in the nature, the doe would go out to fend '
              'for herself, though the doe would never refuse the food the '
              'forest patrol offered to her.  The doe could never be tamed a '
              'domestic horse, but the friendship and the trust the two forged '
              'was always there, and she would always visit his cabin, until '
              'her death.This untold part of the story was even more touching '
              'than the part that was told in the movie and novel, and a movie '
              'of this untold part should be made into a movie also.',
 'tt0347562': 'The literal translation of the title is: Evil PinThere was a '
              'comical effect of this fantasy: Chinese parents tried to use '
              'this film as a tool to urge their kids to study but the young '
              'kids kept asking where to get such pin because they had to '
              'sleep and eat, the time to play was not enough.  This audience '
              'reaction is far more comical and interesting than the movie '
              'itself.',
 'tt0347684': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Female '
              "Model's Knowledge.For decades, modeling was banned by the "
              'communist regime and the traditional Confucian teaching does '
              'not encourage women to go out to work and to show themselves.  '
              "As a result, when modeling industry was revived in the 1980's "
              'reform introduced in China, many had difficulties to face the '
              'fact that their loved ones entering the profession.  They felt '
              'that the female models was showing their skin to public and the '
              'modeling industry is not something descent.  Such conflicts '
              'lead to more than one tragedy and this movie is about one of '
              'the such unfortunate incidents.',
 'tt0347830': 'In comparison to Da Li, Xiao Li he Lao Li released six years '
              'later, this movie is less comical, but it is more realistic.  '
              'Again, it is about struggles of turning couch potatoes into '
              'sport enthusiasts via establishing sport association in the '
              'enterprise.',
 'tt0347831': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the '
              'Boxer King.This movie, like most Chinese war movies, are based '
              'on the true story but there are two important aspects willfully '
              'ignored due to governmental censorship:This first was that the '
              'Japanese had used the their dog like the German did in World '
              'War I, as couriers to speed up the delivery in harsh terrains.  '
              'To counter this, the guerrilla used the dogs the same way '
              'French did to counter Germans in World War I: use female dogs '
              'to trap the male courier dog.  The governmental censorship '
              'eliminated this part because it believed that it was not good '
              'for patriotic education for young kids.The second fact this '
              'movie willfully ignores was that the guerrilla used their dogs '
              'the Europeans did in World War I and the Soviets did in World '
              'War II: as suicide bomber to destroy enemy tanks and '
              'fortifications.  Such practice certainly breaks the animal '
              'cruelty law and thus was also eliminated.The elimination of the '
              '2nd historcial fact may not be viewed as negative as it appears '
              'because it at least showed the progress made by Chinese in '
              'treating animals without cruelty.',
 'tt0347992': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Time on '
              'Coral Island.The film crew did a very lousy job on trying to '
              'change the true story in real life into something that it is '
              'not, and resulted in pathetic failure.The true story this movie '
              'is based on is the failed former-USSR spy efforts to obtain '
              'Chinese research results on some high power battery, which was '
              'used to replace the original Soviet batteries in the Chinese '
              'weaponry of Soviet origin in the 1979 Sino-Vietnamese clash.  '
              'The Vietnamese found out that in contrast to the data Soviet '
              'provided, the Chinese weaponry of Soviet origin worked much '
              'better than they should, such as less maintenance and long '
              'operational hours, so Soviet spies tried to obtain the battery '
              'once it was found out the longer operation hour and reduced '
              'maintenance was due to the new battery.  (Original Soviet '
              'battery malfunctioned frequently, causing the systems that '
              'incorporate such batteries to fail frequently.)The film crew '
              'did a poor job in switching the chemical components of the '
              'battery in real life into the atomic/radioactive components to '
              'be more dramatic, as well as making up some foolish claim of '
              'the thing can be use a weapon instead of power source, but such '
              'alteration of real life was not done well, and the movie should '
              'stick with the original story like Dong Fangjin or Lan Jing Jin '
              'Ji Chu Dong did, because  accurate depiction of the failed '
              'former-Soviet spy attempt in those movie did well in box '
              'office, there was no need to make something more dramatic by '
              'faking it, especially when it can not be faked well.',
 'tt0348143': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Dr. '
              'Zhong-Shan Sun (Dr. Yat-Sen Sun).The importance of this Chinese '
              'movie is that it is a small step toward acknowledge the history '
              'as it really happened.  In the Cultural Revolution, a '
              'historical figure is simplified either a God, like Dr. Sun, or '
              'a devil, like Jing-Wei Wang.  In reality, it is never that easy '
              'because a person can do something good in his early years and '
              'turn bad later on, such as the case of Jing-Wei Wang.  The '
              "contribution of Jing-Wei Wang to Dr Sun's revolution in his "
              'early years was thus willfully ignored in China, and this movie '
              'made a very first step in recognize his accomplishments, '
              'starting the process of treating historical figures as people, '
              'instead of simplifying them as God or devils.',
 'tt0348233': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: the hair '
              'is ruined.This movie is sort of unique, but it is different '
              'than most Chinese movies of its time.  Contemporary Chinese '
              'movies about the ordinary citizens are always the disguise '
              'which masks social criticism, whether it was about previous '
              'political movement such as the Cultural Revolution, or the new '
              'problems in the new era, such as drug usage.  This movie is '
              'just a simple biographical accounts of several childhood '
              'friends who grew up in the same neighborhood, from when they '
              'were were young, all the way to the adulthood. Nothing '
              'extraordinary, so the entire plot is as dull as dishwater.',
 'tt0348493': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Daughter '
              'of China.Like most Chinese war movies, this one is based on the '
              'true story that really happened in real life, but also like '
              'most movie, it is also incomplete due to governmental '
              'censorship and thus is not as accurate as it should have '
              'been.The movie gave a realistic depiction of what really '
              'happened, and is honest about both the victory and setback.  '
              'However, what was willfully ignored in the movie was the cause '
              'of the setback:  Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin was afraid that '
              'Japan would attack former-USSR and order the Chinese guerrilla '
              'to launch massive attacks against the Japanese which were '
              'superior both in equipment and numbers, and resulting in the '
              'heavy loss of guerrilla.  When this movie was made, China and '
              'the former-USSR were still close and the governmental '
              'censorship prevented the movie from honestly telling this cause '
              'of the defeat.',
 'tt0348651': 'In communities in mainland China not bordering rivers or lakes, '
              'the water well is the focal point of the neighborhood.  A well '
              'is the place to catch up with gossip, local news and other '
              'important events in the community.  JIN (1987) or THE WELL, '
              'focuses on the life and hardships of a recent female college '
              'graduate turned bottom-level factory worker in mainland China.  '
              'Xu Lisha has grown up from a young age without any mother or '
              'father.  Being raised by her slightly Westernized gambling '
              'addicted grandmother, Lisha is innocent, but emotionally '
              'scarred.  Mr. Zhu has a nice job as the administrative boss of '
              'the research department in the Communist "company" running '
              "Lisha's factory.  The nice job was given to Mr. Zhu only "
              "because Zhu's late father held a high place in the company "
              'before he died.  Zhu sees beautiful Lisha, and quickly promotes '
              'her to the research division to work with him.  Lisha is '
              "attracted to Mr. Zhu's stable life and home and they rush to "
              'marriage.  Lisha is a very bad housewife.  Mr. Zhu is lazy and '
              'spoiled and eventually loses his job.  Friction and bitterness '
              'at their home only increases when Lisha receives two big '
              'promotions in her department and becomes a nationally famous '
              'scientist.Another twist, Lisha starts to fall for her kind '
              'assistant although she keeps her feelings a secret and never '
              'tells anyone.  Actually, nothing ever happens, but if it did, '
              'there is no indication that Lisha could ever create a happy '
              'home-life with him.  Lisha can make harmony with either her '
              'assistant or husband, or anyone inside the workplace, but Lisha '
              'seems much too dysfunctional in any family or domestic '
              'relationship situation to ever be happy at home.  However, this '
              'aspect of her character is not fully explored. The makers of '
              'THE WELL claim that the film shows the power of tradition and '
              "people's resistance to change.  However, this movie fails to do "
              'much of anything because the direction is profoundly weak.  '
              'There is no attempt to show time transitions.  Lisha can reach '
              'for a bucket to fill, then cut to the well as she is filling '
              'the bucket and 15 days, 15 months, or 15 years may have '
              'passed!  Every transition in this two hour movie is a straight '
              'cut. A marriage is planned and completed without any sense that '
              'more than 5 minutes have passed.  Two decades go bye but '
              "viewers have no hint until a character's line offers us a "
              'clue.  Then, the film suddenly ends! \n'
              'After two hours of watching a bitter man fight with his bitter '
              'wife, and always having to blindly guess if any time has passed '
              'at every single film edit, the viewer is left... well, bitter.  '
              'It is as if others have took a possibly interesting journey, '
              'but all we have is an impossible to understand post card.',
 'tt0349743': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              "Dragon's Whisker Ditch.This movie is based on the famous novel "
              'with the same title, written by the famous Chinese writer, '
              'Professor Lao-She.  The movie did a good job in honestly '
              'depicting what was in the novel exactly, and movies like this '
              'without any changes to the original work is a masterpiece.',
 'tt0350575': 'A strange hybrid. The film has the HK action intensity and gore '
              "of a Shaw Bros. film from the 1970's and the theatricality of "
              "old style Communist propaganda. Plus there's the abstract "
              'visual sensibility of the Mainland Chinese New Wave cinema that '
              'you rarely ever see in a martial art film. Does it all work '
              'together? Well...no.The story of novice monk Zhixing is set '
              'against a larger story dealing with the interaction of the '
              'Szechuan Shaolin temple and the JIn invasion. The Jins came '
              'from the same area that the Manchus later came from so they are '
              'similar type of villain for films like this one. The senior '
              'monks are locked into a set of strict rules thats prevents them '
              'from responding to the violence of the Jins. In fact the monks '
              'prefer to horribly punish the other monks who contemplate '
              'resisting the invaders. Zhixing and his teacher are rebels of '
              'sorts and we first see them in horrible condition after being '
              'sent on a journey in punishment for breaking the rules. Zhixing '
              'and his master witness a JIn invasion of a mining village. '
              'Zhixing attacks the Jin attempting to prevent a cruel atrocity. '
              'This brings him to the attention of the noble Lin clan who are '
              'fighting the JIn with an army of common people (stock '
              'propaganda characters). In particular to the attention of a '
              'beautiful fighting woman. Of course, Zhixing is a noble person '
              'and his breaking of the rules is to save innocents from the '
              'barbarism of the invaders but this is meaningless to the head '
              'monk who sentences Zhixing to cruel punishments. While some of '
              'the other senior abbots protest, they quickly back down and '
              'leave our hero and his master to their punishment.I usually '
              "don't give away this much info about a film's plot but I "
              'thought that this is important in discussing the political '
              "motives behind the story. One of Mao Zedong's peeves was how "
              'the religious establishment supported the cruelties of the '
              'ruling class either thru outright collaboration or by '
              'retreating into inaction. Clearly the "rules" of the Shaolin '
              'temple in this movie were being used by the fearful senior '
              'monks to protect themselves and ignore the plight of the '
              "people. There's an interesting concept stuck in the film. "
              'Unfortunately, stuck it remains. The film is shot in high '
              "propaganda style which doesn't allow for nuanced characters or "
              'anything but obvious plot development. The villains are all '
              'lurid and wide-eyed. They are only one step away from a Peking '
              'Opera production. The photography is great at times, some of '
              'the landscapes are almost abstractly beautiful but the '
              "camera-work during the fight scenes isn't very good. The film "
              'lurches from gritty realism to completely posed phoniness. Some '
              'of the action clearly shows the influence of the HK producers '
              "which isn't bad but the Wu Shu trained performers and "
              "choreographers weren't ready for it. The story is very uneven "
              'with sudden changes and confusing connections. There is some '
              'disturbing abuse of birds in the film. A living crow is ripped '
              'in two (shades of "Fistfull of Talons\') and some stunt men '
              'roll around pretending that they being attacked by large live '
              'vultures that are tied to them. That vulture scene is from a '
              'very strange, unexplained moment in the middle of the film when '
              'Zhixing suddenly gains Tarzan-like powers and summons wildlife '
              "to attack the Jin. He never repeats the feat.So what's good "
              'about all this? The action is fast paced and great when it '
              'comes. Ignore some of the attempts to imitate HK films of the '
              'time with wire work. When these performers just jump at each '
              "other with weapons swinging at full speed you'll be astounded. "
              'The settings are very interesting as few films set in Szechuan '
              'province are actually filmed there.Interesting, try it.',
 'tt0350585': 'That is, many in the west.  The reason is that this film showed '
              'how the communist won the support of Tibetans to help Red Army '
              'in its Long March. Although this may be hated by many '
              'China-bashers, or anti-communists, the depiction was true.  '
              "Chinese Nationalist government's ethnic policy was not favored "
              'by Tibetans and the communist ideology are far more attractive '
              'to serfs who suffers under the serfdom.',
 'tt0350762': 'There are two parts of economic reform that fueled the rapid '
              'expansion of Chinese economy.  The first part was the economic '
              'reform of rural liberalization, which happened in the '
              "countryside, and started in 1980's. The second part was the "
              'economic reform of urban liberalization which happened in the '
              'cities and suburbs, starting in 1992.  This film describes the '
              'early stage of the first one.',
 'tt0350831': 'The literal translation of the title is: the succeeding rhythm '
              'of moving eastward.Although Nationalists and Communists were '
              'officially joined force in the fight against fascist Japanese '
              'invaders, the alliance was an uneasy one due to the previous '
              'decade-long war between the two factions, and this is '
              'frequently reflected in the war against Japanese, as this film '
              'accurately portrays.',
 'tt0350852': 'Based on the ancient Chinese romance novel with the same name.  '
              'The protagonist, Lady Du was the 10th gal in the brothel, and '
              'hence her name, Du, the 10th Lady.  This remake is better than '
              'the 1940 original and the consequent cheap remakes under '
              'different titles by Hong Kong, and you have to read the '
              'original novel in order to really appreciate this movie.',
 'tt0350875': 'which is extremely easy to do.  However, one must be familiar '
              'with the historical and social aspects of that era first in '
              'order to give a correct assessment of this film.Basically, as '
              'late as the upper half of the 20th century, most nomads in the '
              'Inner Mongolia still practice the not-so-favorite parts of '
              'Ghenghis Khan tradition: enslaving other people who were '
              'financially worse than others, or simply, being taken prisoners '
              'in the clans war.  Obviously, the egalitarianism in communist '
              'ideology was attractive to those slaves, and denying '
              "communists' early achievement simply because of its crimes of "
              'later era is as foolish as, and as absurd as claiming slavery '
              'was never practiced by west because right now blacks live '
              'better in west than in Africa.',
 'tt0350897': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Sons '
              'opening a hotel.The youth in this film are the pioneers of the '
              'reform and although they are fictitious, there are many people '
              'like them in real life, and these are the brave people who '
              'challenged the traditional Confucian teachings which favored '
              'seniors and thus limiting the creativity and daring, which '
              'often reflected in young minds.',
 'tt0350967': 'The actual title of this movie is: Fu yu Zi, not Fu Yu Zhi, and '
              'the literal translation is: Father and Son.This movie is one of '
              'the pilot of a series movies focused on the father and son, '
              'with real father and son actors playing the father and son in '
              'the movies.  Mr. Qiang Chen and his son Mr. Pei-Si Chen is the '
              'perfect pair for the job and I, as any Chinese audience hope '
              'that they will continue to make good films together, and '
              'continue to play father and son roles.This movie is based on '
              'the true story of the real life experience of common citizens, '
              'just like other movies of the father and son actors.',
 'tt0351135': 'Again, based on the true story.  The Chinese civil war and the '
              'consequent clashes between the Nationalists and Communists '
              'afterward in the Nationalist futile attempts to retake mainland '
              'China it lost had provided a wide resources for Chinese war '
              'movies, and most of them based on the actual events that really '
              'happened.',
 'tt0351136': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: The Fake '
              'Hero.On the other hand, the classification of this movie to '
              'Action appears to be justified because there is more action '
              'than comedy, and some comic attempts are really not that funny.',
 'tt0351138': 'The literal translation of the title of the film is: the Wrong '
              'Lady with Real Love.The film is good, but not as good as the '
              'drama behind the scene:  the film was almost banned in China '
              'because the government considered the movie advocate incest, '
              'and wanted the plot changed.  It was amazing the original '
              'version was finally allowed to be kept and the film was not '
              'banned, after the hard arguing/explanation of the film crew.',
 'tt0351140': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Family '
              'Problems.Although this movie was made 4 decades ago in China, '
              'the problem it illustrated still applies today, not only to '
              'Chinese, but also to other cultures that are strongly '
              'influenced by Confucianism, such as that of Korea and Japan.  '
              'Not only it applies to China, but also applies here in the '
              'states, and the typical traditional Oriental parents wanting '
              'their kids to be something better while the kids just wanting '
              'to do what they like is a common social phenomenon for '
              'immigrant families here.',
 'tt0351141': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: wind '
              'coming from 8 sides in the world.This martial arts flick is a '
              "fresh start of 1990's in that Chinese martial arts flicks in "
              "the 1980's all has something to do with Shao Lin temple, riding "
              "on the success of 1979's Shao Lin Temple, and this one finally "
              'departs from it.The trend is exactly like what was in the '
              "1920's: most martial arts flicks had something to do with "
              'Burning, Red, or Temple, capitalizing on the success of The '
              'Burning of the Red Lotus Temple, until finally some martial '
              'arts flicks begun to depart from this repeated theme.',
 'tt0351299': 'Written and directed by Yang Li, "Blind Shaft" provides us with '
              'a fascinating twist on the serial killer scenario. In most such '
              'films, the killer is usually relegated to the role of a shadowy '
              'antagonist whose basic function is to allow a brilliant '
              'investigator to outwit and outsmart him and bring him to '
              'justice in time for the closing credits. Not so in "Blind '
              'Shaft." For here the killers themselves take center stage and '
              "there isn't a single law officer in sight to foil the plan or "
              'mitigate our fear about what is going to happen.Song and Yuan '
              "are two struggling Chinese laborers who've come upon an "
              'ingenious but grizzly scheme to make money. They befriend a '
              'stranger who is desperate for employment and convince him to '
              'come work with them in a nearby mine. All he has to do is agree '
              'to pass himself off as a relative of one of the two men. When '
              'they have their unsuspecting victim alone in the mine shaft, '
              'Song and Yuan cold-bloodedly murder him, claiming that the '
              'death was the result of a mining accident. Eager to avoid a '
              'scandal, the boss of the mine invariably pays a generous sum of '
              'money to the dead man\'s "relatives," whereupon Song and Yuan '
              'take their ill-gotten gains, lure another man into their trap, '
              'and head off to another mine to repeat the scenario.What '
              'separates "Blind Shaft" from so many American tales about '
              'serial killers is that Song and Yuan are not portrayed as '
              'writhing, eye-rolling, hand-rubbing psychopaths, devising '
              'elaborate schemes to torture their victims and antagonize the '
              'authorities. Rather, these two killers approach their '
              '"business" in the most banal, matter-of-fact (i.e. '
              '"businesslike") way imaginable, making them all that much more '
              'chilling and believable. We feel we really could encounter '
              'people like these in our own lives. Their acts of murder are no '
              'more extraordinary to them than folding their clothes, ordering '
              'at a restaurant, or consorting with local prostitutes. In fact, '
              'the film spends far more of its time observing the mundane '
              'minutiae of their day-to-day existence than detailing the '
              'mechanics of their crimes. To these two men, killing is a means '
              'to survival (much of the money they earn from their killings '
              'they send back to their own relatives), and no moral or ethical '
              'code or twinge of compassion is allowed to stand in the way of '
              'ensuring that survival. And if it does\x85'
              ' It is their utter disregard for human life, their indifference '
              'to the intrinsic value of the individual that make them and '
              'their story so discomfiting and disturbing. Yet, even in this '
              'darkest of scenarios, Li gives us a glimmer of hope. When the '
              'latest intended victim turns out to be a naïve 16-year-old lad '
              'looking for money so that he can resume his studies, one of the '
              'killers begins to have second thoughts about what they have '
              'planned for him, primarily because he himself has a son who is '
              'also a student. The film, thus, becomes a gripping and '
              'fascinating study of whether or not even the most amoral person '
              'has a line beyond which he will not cross. Yet, what is most '
              'unsettling about the film is the way in which the two killers '
              'can treat their victim so "humanely" - they even insist on '
              "paying for a visit to a prostitute so that the boy won't die "
              'never having had sex - all the while knowing full well what '
              'they intend to do to him. What monster in any horror film could '
              'be scarier than that? "Blind Shaft" is not a thriller in the '
              'conventional sense of the term. It relies less on plot and more '
              'on observation, as we follow this fascinating trio through the '
              'brothels and marketplaces of rural China, seeing a world and a '
              'lifestyle wholly unfamiliar to most of us. Li remains utterly '
              'objective and detached as he records the doings - sometimes '
              'major, sometimes trivial - of Song and Yuan as they go through '
              'their day. Stylistically, the director brings an almost '
              'documentary feel to the story, and by dedicating as much screen '
              'time to the trivial details as to the murder plot itself, he '
              'conveys the sense of moral equivalence and bankruptcy that '
              "defines the characters' way of thinking. With no melodramatic "
              'background music to cheapen the suspense, Li allows the horror '
              'to develop naturally, out of a situation in which conscience '
              'and basic human compassion have been essentially drained. As we '
              'get to know this kid, and as his two intended killers get to '
              'know him as well, we can do little but watch helplessly as the '
              'elements of the plot move inexorably to their foregone '
              'conclusion. Through this approach, "Blind Shaft" generates a '
              'kind of "suspense" that the typical slick Hollywood thriller '
              'can only dream of achieving.With brilliant performances from '
              'the three leads, Li forces us to look into the darkness that '
              'often lurks in the heart of Man. It is a frightening but '
              'unforgettable vision.',
 'tt0351712': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              "Fool's Experience.This movie is a sequel of Son Opening a Hotel "
              '(Erzi Kai Dian) made a year earlier.  Like Erzi Kai Dian, this '
              'movie is also a political propaganda that actually does some '
              'good, because it is a strong advocate of reform.  What differs '
              'this movie from its predecessor is that its predecessor '
              'advocated the struggle of trying to open the privately owned '
              'hotel, while this one actually explores the problems and '
              'difficulties faced by entrepreneurs in operating the private '
              'business and gives a sympathetic view on these courageous early '
              'pioneers.',
 'tt0351716': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Saint '
              "Paul's Hospital's Puzzle.This movie is based on the true story "
              'of post revolutionary era intrigue of the communist-nationalist '
              'spy games.  However, what is important is not the story itself, '
              'but something else, something far less obvious.West had sided '
              'with the nationalists during the Chinese civil war and for this '
              'reason, communists had deep distrust of west and anything '
              'western in the pre-revolutionary era was considered negative by '
              'Chinese government, including hospitals.  This movie, in the '
              'depiction of communist-nationalist intrigues, made a '
              'breakthrough in recognizing the fact that not everything west '
              'done to China is bad, for example, setting up hospitals in '
              'China and introducing modern medicine to China are good.',
 'tt0351998': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'Empress Dowager.This movie is sarcastic about the current '
              'political situation in China by depicting what was in the past, '
              'so it is an indirect social criticism of the current regime.  '
              'For example, the movie accurately depicted the fact that '
              'officials in the imperial courts are not selected by merits or '
              'ability, but by connection, and the incapable officials got '
              'their posts only because they were Manchurians and they kept '
              'their posts even though their lack of ability lead to military '
              'defeats.  Even the most stupid Chinese can make the connection '
              'between the past and present because the two mirrors each '
              'other. This is the hidden message behind the scene.',
 'tt0351999': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Contemporary Fools.This movie is a social satire in that it '
              'criticized the rampant corruption and the fraud in China in a '
              'comical way.  Since it was just merely a year after the June '
              '4th incident, it took a very cautious approach to avoid being '
              'banned by avoiding the direct criticism on the governmental '
              'bureaucrats, and instead, making the protagonists as the bad '
              'guys from common people.Such cautious approach paid off, the '
              'movie had successfully passed the governmental censorship and '
              'was not banned.',
 'tt0352000': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Father '
              'and son Opening a (Karaoke) Musical Hall.This movie is the '
              'third of the triology about Old Kui and his son, played by '
              'father-son pair actors, Mr. Qiang Chen and his son, Mr. Pei-Si '
              'Chen.  Like other two movies in the triology, this third one '
              'also strongly advocate the reform in the form eulogizing the '
              'struggle, sorrow and the eventual triumph of common citizen in '
              'a comical way.  Like all other films in which the father-son '
              'actors played father and son characters in the movies, this one '
              'is also based on the true story of ordinary citizens in the era '
              'of reform.',
 'tt0352005': 'There is a little explanation needed here: the ethnic Jingpo '
              'minority reside in the Yun-Nan province of Southwestern part of '
              'China is the same people as those lived in Burma, the Kachin. '
              'Their language and the primitive lifestyle are completely '
              'different than those from urban centers but their way was '
              'perfect to live in the remote mountains.Most Chinese kids are '
              'the single child of the family, and they are selfish, spoiled '
              'and egotistic, as the result of being pampered by their parents '
              'and grandparents, and this movie did an excellent on '
              'criticizing this and documenting how the kid had grown up '
              'suddenly during his stay with the Kachin people.  Most Chinese '
              'parents and grandparents should watch this movie so that their '
              'kids, as well as the adults themselves could grew up without '
              'experiencing the harsh lifestyles like our little protagonist '
              'in this movie.',
 'tt0352008': 'Chinese equivalent of OSS and other similar western movies that '
              'describes the lives of undercover agents fighting fascism.  '
              'Based on the true story of lives of actual undercover agents, '
              'all of whom were eventually captured and killed by fascists.',
 'tt0352337': 'The literal translation of title of this film is: the ridge '
              'that divides water.This film was made after the end of 3 year '
              "famine in China during the early 1960, as the result of Mao's "
              'futile attempt of collectivization, and as a consequence, Mao '
              'had to resign from the post of the Chairman of the State and '
              'replaced by his deputy who adopted capitalist ways to recover '
              "the economy.  This film was part of Mao's propaganda to reclaim "
              'his power using the class Marxist principle of class struggle.',
 'tt0352615': 'FROM VICTORY TO VICTORY is a typical propaganda piece from the '
              'Chinese mainland, made to praise Chairman Mao and his troops. '
              'The film depicts their war against the "bandits" led by Chiang '
              'Kai-shek, but it turns out to be a slow and never-ending '
              'depiction of warfare and camaraderie with little in the way of '
              'plotting or characterisation. The film certainly has some '
              'realism given that it was made in the right era, and the black '
              "and white photography isn't too bad, but if you're looking for "
              "depth then you've come to the wrong place.",
 'tt0353017': 'This movie is an masterpiece of criticism on the '
              'not-so-favorite part of the Chinese culture, namely, the rigid '
              'traditional Confucian teaching of extravagant funeral services '
              'and earth burial.According to the rigid traditional Confucian '
              'teaching, if the children did not spend big bucks to have very '
              'extravagant funeral for their dead parents, then the children '
              'do not appear to have any filial piety, and thus are not good '
              'children.  Such practice put extremely heavy financial burden '
              "on the family and for many instance, the grandchildren's "
              'education was sacrificed because the tuition money for the '
              "grandchildren are used for the grand parents' funeral.This "
              'movie does an excellent job in criticize this not-so-favorite '
              'parts of the traditional culture and should be re-released over '
              'and over again in China.',
 'tt0353291': 'Much more accurate description of the life of Genghis Khan than '
              'any western films, including his military and political '
              'skills.  Viewed as a great commander and a national hero, the '
              'film does not cover in detail about the Mogul atrocities during '
              'their military campaign.',
 'tt0353580': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: the wind '
              'and cloud of the year 1894.For starters, the movie only '
              'describe one naval engagement while in there were many in the '
              '2-year war, so the title does not exactly match the '
              'film.Second, the film actually used the Chinese naval frigates '
              'for the Imperial naval cruisers and battleships, which resulted '
              'in obvious disaster:  The Chinese naval frigates were '
              "former-USSR 1950's design while the actual Imperial fleet was "
              "consisted of UK and German design of 1870's.  The eighty-years "
              'difference in design resulted in very obvious looks that can be '
              "distinguished by anyone without naval expertise.  Don't know "
              'why that the film crew had not used models.Third, the gunnery '
              'dual appeared to be spectacular, but just like the way the '
              "1950's warships were used for those of 1890's, the post World "
              'War II era smokeless powder were used for much older powder '
              'that generates tons of smoke.  As a result, the battle scene '
              'looks more like a 20th century firework show instead of actual '
              'naval engagements of 19th century.',
 'tt0354173': 'Excellent movie of human love and love of classical violin. The '
              'plot and acting is superb. I highly recommend viewing this '
              'movie. Excellent facial expression and body language by the '
              'actors that tells the story without understanding the spoken '
              'language. Choice of music used was a plus. Interesting historic '
              'note, classical music and western music was banned during the '
              'Cultural Revolution of Chairman Mao. Musicians had to learn and '
              'practice this music in secret and underground. It is an '
              'inspiration to know that love is a driving force to succeed and '
              "accomplish in the face of obstacles and challenge. I've seen it "
              'twice. Once during vacation on a tour bus and on the Asian '
              'Entertainment Channel.',
 'tt0354227': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: The '
              'Number One Case of the New China.This movie is based on the '
              "true story that really happened in the early 1950's.  It was "
              'about the corruption case of two corrupted officials who '
              'embezzled public funds, and accepted bribes, and used drugs.  '
              'They were eventually caught and tried, and executed in public.  '
              'The movies give an accurate depiction but without one most '
              'important fact:As a result of this corruption case, the '
              'anti-corruption law established that any corrupted officials '
              'would be executed if the total amount of money or material they '
              'steal is more than 1000 bucks.  Compared with the current '
              'rampant corruption in China where corrupted officials steal '
              'tens of millions of bucks and still get away with it by '
              'escaping death and life sentences, it is not surprised the '
              'Chinese governmental censorship forced this part to be '
              'eliminated because including this historical fact would make '
              'the current regime impossible to face the public.',
 'tt0354243': "ZHOU YU'S TRAIN is the type of film that may require repeat "
              'viewing in order for the casual viewer to take in all the thia '
              'story has to offer: if you blink -- much like the effect of the '
              'quickly passing scenery out the window of any train -- you '
              'might miss a plot line, a character moment, or a perspective '
              'that would better be explored, as the climax to this evenly and '
              'perhaps-too-leisurely-paced romance shows. Zhou Yu (the lovely '
              'Gong Li) plays a young painter who falls in love with a shy '
              'poet, Chen Ching (played by Tony Leung Ka-Fai). Twice a week, '
              'Zhou Yu rides the train to be with him. On the train, however, '
              'a humorous veterinarian (played Sun Honglei) sees, approaches, '
              'and flirts with her. While she initially resists his desire, '
              'she eventually gives in to an indescribable curiosity which '
              'forces all of them to examine their various roles in one '
              "another's lives. While one could hardly argue with the notion "
              'that there are parts of TRAIN that appear uneven and, at least, '
              'forced, the film still manages to deliver a perspective worth a '
              'single view: who does Zhou Yu love and why? Torn between these '
              "two men for wildly conflicting reasons, she can't make sense of "
              'her dilemma. Instead of running from one of them, she '
              'inevitably chooses aspects of both for her affection, but this '
              'choice only forces her further and further into confusion.As a '
              'result, TRAIN explores more than one budding relationship, '
              'making the film as uneven as it is unpredictable. In fact, one '
              'could make the argument that what truly is transpiring here '
              "cannot be fully understood and appreciated until the film's "
              'final few moments .. but even then the viewer is left with many '
              'unanswered questions. Is that the message of the film, that '
              'life brings more questions than answers? Or is it merely a '
              'comment on how Zhou Yu chose to live her life? Or is it '
              "something even more?Regardless, what is clear is Zhou's desire "
              'to seek the answers to questions of the various loves in her '
              'life (two men, friendship, art, etc.), and the narrative '
              'clearly appears to be a device through which an exploration of '
              'the female mind and heart is undertaken. Whether you reach a '
              'destination is left entirely up to the viewer. Of course, the '
              'best scenery is Gong Li. She plays even utter confusion with '
              "beautiful conviction. If you're a fan of her work, then TRAIN "
              'is definitely for you.',
 'tt0354361': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Love '
              'IdiotThe sarcasm hidden behind the scene was the about the '
              'double standard about pregnancy outside marriage: pregnancy '
              'before the official marriage is a topic to avoid in general, '
              'but for a big star, it would be a frenzy.',
 'tt0354417': 'It would extremely easy to pass this film as a political '
              'propaganda, but it is not.  In fact, it is not even so much '
              'about communist and nationalist political intrigue, but it is '
              'about abolitionism and slavery.Jingbo people, the minority that '
              'resides in Yunnan province of China, was in fact the same '
              'people as Kachin people in Burma.  Chinese emperors had allowed '
              'the Kachin in China to maintain slavery and granted the '
              'chieftains imperial titles in exchange of their loyalty, and '
              'this had not been changed even during Republic era, after the '
              'overthrown of Qing dynasty, ending the two thousand years old '
              'feudual system in China.  The beneficiaries of such slavery '
              'system were extremely few, only those chieftains on top. '
              'Majority Kachin who were slaves obviously welcomed the '
              'egalitarian ideology of communists and support the abolishment '
              'of slavery.',
 'tt0354566': 'Although classified in the category of War, it should also '
              'belong to the categories of thriller and action.  Although the '
              'movie is based on the real story, it did not show the complete '
              'picture because the guerrilla members were also masters in '
              'martial arts in addition to sharp shooters. Unfortunately, the '
              'actors were not martial arts athletes so the film could not '
              'duplicate the martial arts actions.',
 'tt0354692': 'Everything told in the movie was true, but it was not the '
              'complete story, the end was omitted.  Two of the five jumped '
              'off the cliff actually survived and rescued by communist '
              'guerrilla, but since this film was made in the era of Great '
              'Leap Forward, it would be better propaganda to skip this '
              'outcome.Another important thing the movie left out was the '
              'salute and respect the soldiers got from their Japanese enemy '
              'out of their own Wushido tradition: after their jumps, the '
              'Japanese reorganized to the military formation like when they '
              'were inspected by the emperor, and bowed three times and '
              'saluted to the placed where those five soldiers jumped. Out of '
              'the necessary political propaganda needs, which requires the '
              'demonization of the enemy, this part was left out in the film '
              'also.However, despite its incompleteness, this political '
              'propaganda still deserves the perfect score because in '
              'comparison to most of the political propaganda of the time, '
              'this film did not lie, nor did it eulogize some political '
              'objectives that are flawed.',
 'tt0354770': 'The 25th Anniversary DVD of "Nezha Nao Hai" (Nezha Conquers the '
              'Dragon King) is REALLY a well-remastered DVD with (Chinese &) '
              "English subtitles! It totally wipes the floor with Disney's "
              'Mulan (just my personal fanatical opinion) in terms of Chinese '
              'fantasy art and, of course, kung-fu, animation.In my opinion, '
              'this is REAL Peak Achievement of traditional Chinese animation '
              'because Shanghai Animation Film Studio built on the '
              'achievements of Uproar in Heaven (Da Hao Tian Gong, 1965) and '
              'threw in every visual and musical trick available to the studio '
              'in 1979.And the English subtitles are quite well done, except '
              'in places where the translation is a bit too literal (i.e. '
              "doesn't flow in modern English). Of course, the English subs "
              'simplify the story in the sense that some nuances of the '
              "Chinese dialogue doesn't come through-- e.g when the red, black "
              'and white Dragon King greets the blue/green Dragon King as '
              '"Sire", the point that the blue/green Dragon King is the eldest '
              'brother is lost in translation.But then the story is already '
              "simplified from the book (and Nezha's mother & 2 elder brothers "
              'never appear), so the film is only around 1 hour and is easy '
              'enough to follow without subs. But be warned! Unlike Uproar in '
              'Heaven which a happy ending to fit a film format (the Monkey '
              "King's adventures actually goes on for another 90 chapters or "
              "so), all the cruel elements of Nezha's story has been "
              'retained....',
 'tt0354878': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Pigeons '
              'FlyThis movie is another masterpiece of honest criticism on the '
              'Cultural Revolution disguised in eulogy.  What the movie '
              'criticizes is the fact that during the Cultural Revolution, '
              'people in charge are those who were considered to be political '
              'dependable, and that could be judged in only one way: the '
              'absolute obedience.  The actual ability to lead, to supervise, '
              'or to manage was ignored and as a result, the sport team such '
              'as gymnastics performed poorly.  After all, political '
              'propaganda simply cannot replace scientific training '
              'methods.This movie deserves at least 9 of out 10 for '
              'criticizing this problem and if the criticism was more direct '
              'instead of masked under eulogy, it would get a perfect 10.',
 'tt0354911': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: One '
              'woman in the forest of the mountain.This movie deserves a big '
              'thumb down for that the governmental censorship forcing the '
              'film crew to change the story.Originally, this movie is based '
              'on the true story, and the characters, setting, and story are '
              'pretty much the same as what we see in the movie. However, the '
              'only difference between the reality and the movie is also the '
              'most important one: Time.The time when the true story really '
              'happened in real life was during the Cultural Revolution, not '
              'during World War II, hence the characters was escaping the '
              'political turmoil not war, and the college student was trying '
              'to uncover the ugly past which the government would rather not '
              'to talk about.Obviously, the script did not pass the '
              'governmental censorship for the first time because it was 100% '
              'real, so the second time, the time was changed to World War II, '
              'hence the cause of the tragedy became war instead of political '
              'movements, and this is what we see in the movie today, and for '
              'the same reason, it deserves a big thumb down.',
 'tt0354964': 'Like the title says, this movie is about railroad partisans, in '
              'the China-Japan war 1939-45. We get to see a group of heroes, '
              'who secretly become partisans, and at some time are officially '
              'accepted as subdivision of the Communist 8th Route Army. Of '
              'course, we also get to see quite a lot of warfare, bombing and '
              'shooting. No red blood in black & white.What sets this film '
              'apart, however, is how trains (under Japanese control) are '
              'shown. All hauled by steam locomotives, of course - one '
              'hijacking of a locomotive is presented. But in my opinion the '
              'more interesting sequence was how the cars of the passenger '
              'trains were infiltrated - each had a Japanese guard, which was '
              'countered by one of the partisans. Another interesting scene '
              'shows an armored train with cannons mounted. Rather sloppily '
              'presented was the train-wreck and bridge-bombing, on the other '
              'hand.If you want to see more of Chinese steam locomotives, try '
              '"Yingxiong siji" (which sorrily isn\'t yet listed here on '
              'IMDb). But for most realism of the work of steam locomotive '
              'engineers, Jean Renoir\'s "La bête humaine" is still '
              'unbeaten... :)',
 'tt0355035': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Misty '
              'City.The story is loosely based on the true story that really '
              'happened in real life, and the city was actually Chongqing in '
              'Si-Chuan Province, western part of China.  One thing that this '
              'movie was not emphasized enough was the contributions of the '
              'ex-nationalists who switched their side by defecting to '
              'communists, it was their intelligence, and their expertise, '
              'such as police work (because communist troops are peasantry '
              'army without any urban law enforcement experience) that helped '
              'to prevent the disaster.  Sadly, in real life, many of them '
              'perished in the political movements such as the Cultural '
              'Revolution.',
 'tt0355036': 'This movie is one of the few great movies to come out of China '
              "during Mao's rule. No doubt this movie has propaganda material, "
              'but people in China appreciate this film because it was one of '
              'the few subtle propaganda films that contained more artistic '
              'direction than blatant brainwashing. What the hater of this '
              'movie (the other reviewer) does not realize is that Five Golden '
              'Flowers was made before Communist China demonized the artist. '
              'So this was when actors and creative people could express '
              'themselves (provided they talked the party line). If you traced '
              'Chinese history to a couple of years later, then you would not '
              'have seen anything resembling an artistic movie. Once the '
              'cultural revolution started in China, artists starved and so '
              'much talent went to waste. It is essential that you look at '
              'this film within the context of nostalgia. This is when the '
              'people in China still believed in Communism and thought the '
              'future was bright and beautiful. The universal themes mentioned '
              'in this movie are timeless. Cultural misunderstanding is a huge '
              'source of humor in the plot, and in the end, the movie teaches '
              'us the importance of stepping into the shoes of unfamiliar '
              'cultures and seeing their views. The acting was also very good. '
              'Throughout the movie I rooted for the two protagonists to get '
              'together, and I was so happy when it did occur. The humor was '
              'very non-typical. One of the funniest scenes was when the wife '
              'of a villager cursed out the protagonist in song. So in '
              'summary, watch this movie. It is well-written, it is funny, and '
              'it represents China at a time before things really got crazy.',
 'tt0355037': 'the literal translation is "Midnight Voyage at Sea"The '
              'realistic depiction of lives of 1300 passengers on a ship in '
              'danger of sinking, the heroic sacrifice and selfish indulgence, '
              'the bravery and the cowardliness.',
 'tt0355056': 'In fact, this movie is one of the first movies made by the '
              "newly established Chinese Children's Movie Studio.  The literal "
              'translation of the title of this movie is: Flowers of the '
              'Motherland. Flowers symbolizes the children.The movie has '
              'another unexpected value of archiving the old capital.  In the '
              'recent rapid economic development, many historical sectors of '
              'the capital is torn down, and although there were photographs '
              'and drawings showing how the city looked long ago, there is not '
              'much movie footage.  This movie fills the gap because when it '
              'was filmed, the capital was not changed much than several '
              'hundred years ago.',
 'tt0355571': 'This powerful, revealing study of Chinese rural politics '
              'depicts a system in which corruption, fear, and opportunism '
              'thrives. Within the small farming community in which the film '
              'is set, there is a growing culture of distrust and duplicity, '
              'one that fosters a low regard for life and self-worth. One is '
              'tempted to draw a parallel between the village and China '
              "itself, but it's just as tempting to draw a wider parallel with "
              'the aspirations of globalization. This film is a damning '
              'indictment of the ageless human impulse for power and the '
              'corruption that inevitably follows in its wake - one of the '
              'very best films of the year that no one saw.',
 'tt0356483': 'Literal Translation: from Slave to GeneralThis films combines '
              "the biographical account of several commanders of People's "
              'Liberation Army, all of them were minority Yi people and all of '
              'them were slaves.  Once they were liberated and joined Red '
              'Army, they eventually rise in ranks, and then helped to abolish '
              'slavery when the communist took over.  The survivors of wars '
              'were finally awarded the rank of Major General in 1955.',
 'tt0356499': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: Under the '
              'BridgeThis simple romance story does not mean much to '
              'westerners, and in fact, does not even mean anything to Chinese '
              'today, but it was a big thing when it was made, not long after '
              'the end of Cultural Revolution in which even the personal '
              'romance was restricted.  This movie is one of the pioneers of '
              'personal liberalization in advocating people seeking out their '
              'love following their own hearts, not from other people.',
 'tt0357067': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Long '
              'Live Youth.This movie made in the early era of reform in China '
              'had carefully and subtly explored something that was alway '
              'avoided in Chinese culture, incest rape. This subtle approach '
              'was difficult to see because it was disguised in the form of '
              'depicting the era before the revolution.  Since it was just '
              'barely more than half a decade before the end of the Cultural '
              'Revolution, the film crew understandably took a very cautious '
              'approach on this extremely sensitive topic by eulogizing the '
              'post revolutionary era regime and criticizing the old regime.  '
              'Nonetheless, it was a significant small step toward facing the '
              'reality.',
 'tt0357176': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Four '
              "little bodies.This movie is actually a children's movie, and it "
              "is made by National Children's Movie Studio.  However, the "
              'classification of family category is not incorrect because this '
              "movie is one of the few children's movies that is liked by "
              'children, as well as their parents.Such charming '
              "family/children's movies are increasingly difficult to find in "
              'China because Chinese film industries are increasingly '
              'commercialized, and the so-called action films filled with '
              'violence are able to make more money, with greater chance of '
              'success financially.',
 'tt0357306': 'It is very easy to pass this film as political propaganda at '
              'first glance, but one needs to understand the Chinese history '
              'between the end of World War II and the establishment of the '
              "People's Republic of China in order to realize that it is "
              'really not.The film was just a plain description of how the '
              "people's support was lost by the old regime due to corruption "
              'and consequently, turned to the revolutionaries of the new '
              'regime.  The daily life of common citizens could not be '
              'maintained at the minimum level of survival, revolutions are '
              'bound to happen, and it would be no surprise for the corrupted '
              'regime to be overthrown.',
 'tt0357867': 'which is extremely easy to do.In order to appreciate this '
              'movie, one must learn some not-so-favorite part of the '
              'traditional Chinese culture that most Chinese would rather not '
              'let others know.The traditional Confucian teaching discriminate '
              'against non-Chinese and consider them as barbarians, so when '
              'three centuries ago in China, the corrupted Ming dynasty was '
              'overthrown by the ethnic Manchu minority and replaced by the '
              'Qing dynasty established by the Manchu, most Chinese found it '
              'unacceptable.  In an attempt to overthrow the Qing dynasty and '
              'restore the Ming dynasty, Chinese gangsters were accepted by '
              'the public because even the Chinese gangsters were better than '
              'barbarian rulers, according to the traditional Confucian '
              'teachings.The secret societies of gangsters were finally '
              'succeeding riding of the Qing dynasty by teaming up with Dr. '
              "Zhong-Shan Sun and his nationalist party, but Dr. Sun's "
              'revolution is consequently tarnished as a result, and the '
              'gangsters ended up controlling the unions, such as that of '
              'longshoremen and teamsters.  Since Dr. Sun is revered by both '
              'the nationalist and communist alike, neither party would want '
              'to mention this dark chapter in the Chinese history, and this '
              'cause of why unions were dominated by gangsters and criminals '
              'were carefully and willfully avoided.The exploitation of '
              'workers was severe because those gangsters were criminals to '
              "begin with, and workers' struggle for fair treatment did not "
              "succeed until the establishment of the People's Republic when "
              'those gangsters were finally arrested.  This movie described '
              "the workers' struggle for fair treatment against the gangster "
              'dominated union bosses is an honest reflection of the part of '
              "workers' struggle in the Chinese history that most Chinese "
              'would rather avoid to talk about, though what caused this at '
              'first place was not mentioned.',
 'tt0358292': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Laugh '
              'until the emotional net is broken.This comedy is actually an '
              'advocate of reform, and it does a great job in getting its '
              'point across in a comical way, which would be more acceptable '
              'to the public.  Other movies that advocates reforms has equally '
              'good idea, but in comparison to this one, they have very lousy '
              'ways of presenting these points because way they did it was '
              'rigid, resulting in what appeared to be political lecturing. '
              '(thank god these poor productions are not listed here in '
              'IMDB).  Movies like this should be the norm of the Chinese '
              'movie industry in order to help reform.',
 'tt0361634': "Great movie. It changed my fiancée's life, gave her a goal in "
              'life that we will fulfill together: to move to an impoverished '
              'village and teach, hopefully helping reinforce the importance '
              'of education.Teacher Xia comes from Beijing to help teach kids '
              'in an impoverished village. She is befriended by a local '
              '(Teacher Zhang) who had endeavored to teach the children '
              'earlier, but had run up against the limits of her own lack of '
              'education. There is a good amount of "City Mouse - Country '
              'Mouse" culture shock as Teacher Xia gets accustomed to life in '
              'a literally dry county. This movie shows the nobility and '
              'strength of human spirit when people are faced with nearly '
              'nothing. It celebrates the sacrifice of those who give of '
              'themselves to help, and reminds us that we all get more when we '
              'willingly give up material comfort for the benefit of someone '
              'else.If you are a Chinese language student, the speech is '
              'pretty easy to understand, not much problem with the accent.',
 'tt0362288': 'This movie made in the early stage of the Chinese reform in the '
              "early 1980's is important in its own way because it symbolize "
              'the resurgence of the traditional culture in China after the '
              'end of the Cultural Revolution.Unlike most movies made in the '
              'early stage of the Chinese reform (in fact, the first stage of '
              'the Chinese reform, from 1980 until 1992), most of which '
              'concentrated on criticizing the dross in the traditional '
              'Chinese culture (as they rightfully should because such dross '
              'contributed to the occurring of the disastrous political '
              'movements such as the Great Leap Forward and the Cultural '
              'Revolution), this movie actually eulogize the virtue of the '
              'traditional culture.',
 'tt0363290': 'There are a few things director Ye Lou likes more than I do: '
              'silent, open-mouthed screams, rain and quick dissolves. His '
              'movie Purple Butterfly is composed mainly of these things, with '
              'glimpses in-between of a story about two lovers caught up in '
              "the Japanese occupation of Manchuria during the '30s.I know "
              "what I'm supposed to think of this movie: it's a tone-poem, an "
              'evocation of some deeper mood, something running below the '
              "surface of the action. But I can't help feeling that the whole "
              "exercise would've been more worthwhile had the director "
              'demonstrated less ambition and more good old-fashioned '
              'story-sense.There are these two people, one a Chinese woman '
              'working for the underground, the other a Japanese fellow '
              "toiling for his country's secret-service. We know they're "
              'lovers because we see them in bed together, but for at least '
              'half the movie, we have no real idea who these people are, what '
              'their roles are in the drama that appears to be playing out '
              "before us. Now, I'm no dummy, and certainly don't require "
              'everything to be spelled-out for me in the dopey terms of most '
              'Hollywood movies, but I do appreciate it when the director '
              'makes at least a cursory effort at filling me in on the details '
              'of the story, like who people are and why I should care about '
              "them.The movie doesn't let you get a food-hold, it's too busy "
              'being poetic and rainy and surpassingly glum. This might be all '
              'right if the images had some great plastic beauty, but the '
              'blue-toned pictures Ye Lou puts in front of us, dissolving from '
              "one to the next like he's putting on a museum slide-show of "
              "Chinese history, are not exactly the best eye-candy I've seen "
              'lately. As an exercise in image and cutting the film is not '
              'hall-of-fame material.The stuff of good cinema is there in '
              "Purple Butterfly, but it's buried under too many layers of "
              'Cinema.',
 'tt0365402': 'An interesting love story on modern metro lifestyle that takes '
              'us on a ride of thoughts. The director succeeds in expressing '
              'the unexpressed.This film perfectly fits the bill for the '
              "saying 'man has reached the moon but not the heart of the "
              "person just a feet away'. It is all about the unexpressed "
              "internal conflict but the thoughts of the character's are "
              'conveyed with clarity to the audience by means of flashy '
              'techniques, and it is here the director scores the points. '
              'Predominantly a story of a Beijing couple married for 7 years, '
              'and also of two other couples. Jian bin, the husband looses his '
              'job but prefers to hide this from his wife and continues to '
              'escort her to and from her workplace. A cook having sons, '
              'puppies!, develops interest in the wife Xiao Hui and politely '
              'puts across the proposal to her in his restaurant. Husband '
              'feels jealous and also a complex of inferiority engulfs him and '
              'he lies to wife that his boss asked him to go to France. Lies '
              'pile up between the couple and they feel the heat of the mental '
              'separation while being together. The screenplay is minutely '
              'planned and i rate the movie technically high. The transition '
              'from scene to scene, with blank frames in between, is odd for a '
              'film made in as recent as 2002, but i liked that. The '
              "passage/corridor for the couple's home is visually exploited to "
              'the maximum by clever use of light. The scenes in the subway '
              'coach, where wheel chair and rain is depicted in the hospital, '
              'are tenderly handled. The slow pace at times made me feel that '
              'am watching an Ismail Merchant film. Freeze technique is '
              "impact-fully used where Jian Bin, disturbed by wife's attitude "
              'and his own plight, pulls out the table cloth with laid out '
              'dinner in the hotel. Artistes performance is good and in '
              'closeups they are perfectly expressive. At places during my '
              'viewing experience, i found it difficult to catch the '
              'flashback/flash forward episodes and feel like revisiting the '
              'film.Over all, i good film on many counts.',
 'tt0367247': "Nice story, nice story-telling. It's a movie about three "
              "Chinese women's lives in a Southeast town in China. This town "
              'is the hometown of Xi Shi, one of the four most beautiful women '
              'in Chinese history, somehow like Helan of Troy. Three stories '
              'are told separately, but in some scenes two of the three '
              "appeared together, although they don't know each other. This "
              'makes it fun to watch this movie, or even re-watch it. Just '
              'imagine you walk along three different creeks who crossed one '
              'another at certain points. But you might need to know a little '
              'about the town Zhu Ji, and the Chinese beauty Xi Shi, to enjoy '
              'the movie more. Plus, the actress who acted the singer of Yu '
              'Ju, one kind of Chinese opera (like Beijing Opera, believe me, '
              'China has hundreds of them), is a real singer. So enjoy the '
              'singing as well.',
 'tt0367602': "It's great to see Liu Chia Liang still making movies. He has "
              'real integrity to his kung fu choreography. This film moves at '
              'a good pace, has a few great scenes and ends without us feeling '
              'cheated. The cast is energetic and It comes off in spirit like '
              "one of Liu's lesser Shaw films. Like his lesser Shaw films, the "
              'plot is lumpy and the tone veers from goofy comedy to '
              'seriousness abruptly. And like many of his lesser films, the '
              'legendary Liu Chia Hui shows up in a supporting role. It would '
              'be great to have Liu Chia Liang direct Liu Chia Hui in a '
              'starring role again.What is clear is, however Liu makes his '
              'films these days, the Shaw style is gone. The camera work is '
              "very competent but doesn't compliment the fight scenes. There "
              'is an overuse of extreme wide angles. The actors are very well '
              'trained but only Liu Chia Liang has the physical snap that you '
              'saw nearly everyone have in the heyday of the Shaw studio. The '
              'fight scenes rely too much on editing, probably to cover for '
              "the fact that the actors don't have the time to train like at "
              'the Shaw studios. Too much Hidden Dragon style wire work.Enough '
              "complaints, we don't get enough of this style of kung-fu film "
              'anymore. Watch it, have fun.',
 'tt0367765': 'I strongly recommend this epic, mythical and heartbreaking '
              'film.Rich in details about the life of the nomadic tribes based '
              "on a real Mongolian hero in the 1930's.Wonderful, charismatic "
              'actors, and great cinematography--specially a very early scene '
              'where a herd of horses passes in-between three men bathing in '
              'the river. No CGI, just brave actors-- and very disciplined '
              'horses, I hope.It reminded me of a Western-- told from the '
              "Native American's side, mixed with a bit of MUSA, THE "
              'WARRIOR(Korea), another great epic.The DVD I rented described '
              'it as fullscreen, but thankfully that is NOT so! It is in the '
              'correct 35mm format. Not super-widescreen, but at least one can '
              'see the entire horizontal format the cinematographer intended '
              'without the horrible cropping of fullscreen.',
 'tt0368276': 'This movie is a nationalistic propaganda loved by China, '
              'because it is about Taiwan.The island of Taiwan was taken by '
              'Dutch, taking advantage of the corrupted and collapsing Ming '
              'Dynasty, which soon collapsed under Manchu attack.  The '
              'protagonist, Cheng-Gong Zheng, a loyal subject of Ming Dynasty '
              'wanted to use Taiwan as base to restore the Ming dynasty in '
              'China, so he fought with Dutch and took back Taiwan, and since '
              'the 2000 presidential election of Taiwan resulted in putting '
              'the pro-independent candidates into presidential office, this '
              'propaganda served China well in advocating the unification of '
              "Taiwan, and that's why Chinese government had its full support "
              'to Hong Kongers who made this movie.',
 'tt0370074': 'The actual literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'the younger generation.This movie made in the early era of the '
              'reform in China, (in fact, very early, the very first year of '
              'the reform) is a pioneer that advocates reform.  It eulogize '
              "the younger generation's courage to take on the challenge to "
              'make the daily operation more efficient, despite their '
              'positions at the bottom of corporate structure in the business '
              'establishment.  This is a very clever approach because the '
              'sensitive political issues is carefully avoided while the '
              'reform is still being advocated.',
 'tt0370969': 'None of the characters is fully developed. Basically, it is '
              'three stories about sex of the three generations, which is very '
              'uncharacteristic in the Chinese culture in the 30s, 60s and 80s '
              'as the film tries to portray, and which, in turn, makes the '
              "movie not quite believable. I grew up in China in from 60's to "
              '80s and yet the stories are very foreign to me. You can almost '
              'feel that the stories are written by those people living in '
              'modern China and trying to fantasize the lives in China in '
              'those years.The basic setting of this movie has a great '
              'potential. This comes to my realization when Hua said to her '
              'grandma, "You have lived in you dream for your whole live." '
              'They could have developed the stories tighter along this '
              'line.Acting is rather disappointing. I do not see the '
              'characters. I merely see those actresses. For example, young Mo '
              'has same kind of temper as young Li (as both are played by '
              'Zhang Ziyi), and there is no slightest trace of young Mo (Zhang '
              'Ziyi) in the older Mo (Joan Chen). In essence, they just play '
              'themselves natively, with a minimal level of pretension.Sets '
              'are very unsatisfactory either. Although the color scheme and '
              'photography is great and moody, lots of dresses and pops used '
              'in the movie are out of their times. For example, the bag Hua '
              'carries on her shoulder in the Rail Station when Zou Jie went '
              "to college probably did not appear until 90s'. Dresses for "
              'young ladies in 60s and 80s are too curvy and revealing in that '
              'period of China. There are too many such details to list.',
 'tt0373081': 'A quirky but very likable film from the director of "Postmen in '
              'the Mountains". Except for the motif of a young man stepping '
              "into his father's metaphorical shoes, this film is very "
              'different in terms of setting and style -- no rural mountain '
              'scenery here. The male lead is a would-be artist, who has '
              'become a somewhat reluctant police detective in (what looks '
              'like to me) a medium-sized seaside town. At the outset, he '
              'rescues a young woman who appears to be in the process of '
              'jumping off a bridge. Sh tells him she has just murdered her '
              'lover -- and starts walking away. He flashes his badge, and '
              'takes her to the office. She claims she is an actress, '
              'practicing a bit of "performance art" in preparation for a show '
              'she is working one -- but our hero then gets a call that '
              'someone in the neighborhood has been murdered. As it turns out, '
              'the victim is a woman -- and the incident clearly has no '
              'connection with his "prisoner". Our heroine is released with a '
              'warning. Despite this rocky introduction, the two gradually '
              'become interested in each other -- and, as it turns out -- '
              'there is a link from the past that ties their stories together. '
              'The leads PAN Yueming (the police officer) and YUAN Quan (the '
              'performer) are engaging. Even if not a "masterpiece", this is '
              'an interesting, entertaining film.',
 'tt0374330': 'Though this is a "heroic epic" telling of the Golden Age of '
              'China, director Ping He does an outstanding job of blending '
              'depth of character with period- and action-realism within only '
              '115 minutes.The springboard/wire-fighting is kept to a minimum '
              'and is subtly crafted. These are heroes who have skills far '
              'beyond the ordinary, and the fighting effects merely convey '
              'that without rubbing it in or going over the-top.Every major '
              'character is developed in this story except for the young monk, '
              "and you'll understand why at the end. We even spend a little "
              "time with Lai Qi's 3 loyal soldiers and their families, getting "
              "to understand what they've been doing and what is important to "
              'them.The plot does involve a magical object, but there are only '
              'two scenes with associated special-effects, which were as '
              'nicely done as any Hollywood CGI. The first time, it is '
              'essential to developing the story and our understanding of why '
              'these men will fight so hard to protect it. The second time, '
              'only to establish its proper role in the epilogue.There is a '
              'hint of a love-story, which I find unnecessary in films like '
              "these, but I didn't moan or groan here because it is kept deep "
              'in a minor subplot and used primarily to demonstrate that the '
              'protagonist is not truly a criminal or a bad man. Not that Ping '
              "He doesn't know how to tell a good love story, as he did "
              'brilliantly in 1994\'s "Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker" '
              '(Pao Da Shuang Deng). I think he was forced to add it, and '
              "simply relegated it to the lowest priority.I don't understand "
              'how someone could like "Jet Li: Hero" or "Crouching Tiger..." '
              'better than this film, unless they have little taste for '
              'dramatic, action-adventure epics, and must have a perfectly '
              'happy-ending every time. I thank thee, Buddha, that Hollywood '
              "hasn't taken over the Chinese film-making industry!",
 'tt0379278': 'Based on the experience of a friend who had difficulty '
              'readjusting to China after his marriage failed in the U.S., '
              "Wang Xiaoshuai's new film Drifters shows the conflict between "
              'Chinese traditions and the desire of its youth for a better way '
              'of life. Er Di, the film\'s Mandarin title, means "younger '
              'brother," and Hong Yunsheng (Duan Long) is a younger brother by '
              'birth and by social class. Like many of his generation, he '
              'risked his life to stowaway on an overcrowded boat headed to '
              'the U.S. in search of that indefinable something called the '
              'American Dream.As the film opens, Er Di returns home to the '
              'coastal city of Fujian after being deported from America at the '
              'instigation of his in-laws when they learned that he had '
              "fathered a son with the boss's daughter. He spends his time "
              'hanging around aimlessly, much to the dismay of his parents. '
              'His only companion is Xiao Nu (Shu Yan), an actress from a '
              'travelling Shanghai opera troupe, but their relationship lacks '
              'spark. Gradually his past begins to catch up with him.The first '
              "half-hour moves at a snail's pace, but the film finds its "
              'rhythm when Er Di learns that his son Fusheng, now five, has '
              'been brought back to Fujian by his grandfather. Prodded by his '
              'elder brother and sister-in-law he is determined to see the boy '
              "in spite of the grandfather's objections, but has to overcome "
              'not only the restrictions of American law, but differences in '
              'social status. When Er Di discovers that he has strong parental '
              'feelings, the film shifts from being a social commentary to a '
              'family drama and sets in motion a chain of events that leads to '
              'a moving conclusion.\n'
              "Known as one of the most talented directors of China's `Sixth "
              'Generation" of filmmakers, Wang Xiaoshuai\'s film is a poetic '
              'character study reminiscent of Taiwanese director Hou '
              'Hsiao-hsien. With little dialogue and the camera held at a '
              'distance, the story unfolds slowly, told mainly through facial '
              'expressions, nuances, gestures, and body language. Though I '
              'would have preferred more depth to the characters, Drifters is '
              'an involving film about a generation of uprooted Chinese whose '
              'government is unable to see the extent of their despair, '
              'holding out vague promises, heard on television during the '
              "film, that China's entry into the WTO will bring a better life.",
 'tt0379329': 'The literal translation of the title of this film is: '
              'Pretending not to have any Feelings.Behind the drama, this '
              'movie tries to explore the serious topic of personal '
              'relationship in the capitalist China where everyone is '
              'concentrated on making fortunes, and invest far less time and '
              'energy in personal relationship.',
 'tt0379587': 'This film is the director Xu Jinglei¡¯s first experience to '
              'show us her genius in grasping and holding slight emotion '
              'between father and daughter. It depict the days they know each '
              'other, live together and finally depart from each other by a '
              'slight and equivocal voice which contains the perspective of '
              'eastern culture. The emotion between father and daughter may be '
              'an combination of relative, love, friendship. Maybe one day I '
              'will also depart from my parents for some certain reason. The '
              'piece of emotion will contradict to the separation. I don¡¯t '
              'know how I could do for my parents and for myself. These all '
              'appear to me are unknown number. But I want to say is that now '
              'during my studying in college school parents give me infinite '
              'concerning which extremely touch me. From a small child to a '
              'mature human being, my parents tell me so many things that will '
              'benefit in my whole life. The days I lived with them may be the '
              'most important times in my whole life. I certainly remember '
              'that my father once told me, ¡°Life appears to you is too short '
              'to be spent in nursing animosity or registering wrongs.¡± Yes, '
              'that¡¯s perfect. It opens clearly on my comprehension that '
              'every difficulties were solved instantly when it reaches me. '
              'Also, the pretty happy days when we were with each other give '
              'me optimistic and sanguine characteristic. I know it¡¯s '
              'necessary that we must smile to our future because it is '
              'hopeful and we need patient and diligent to go on it.It is '
              'nearly midnight, and I am lying on my stomach in bed, memory '
              'goes on in my mind. Father¡¯s smile is so close to me that I '
              'can touch him nearly. Several years after, perhaps I will live '
              'in another city in somewhere. My parents in the times may be '
              'have white hairs, may be not as well as now, may be missing me '
              'so much. But I have my own life separating from them. How is '
              'the empty nest sensation? I have no idea. What I can do now is '
              'how to do my best to care for them and to cherish today¡¯s '
              'life. I will and can do my best, I believe it.',
 'tt0382066': "During Mao's era, Workers were leaders, and the term Big "
              'Brother is not a negative description for them, but it is a '
              'positive term for them to show the proper respect and status '
              'they have.After the reform was introduced in China since '
              "1980's, private business owners and peasants were able to get "
              'richer faster than workers and as a result, workers lost their '
              "status and respect, and more importantly, the girls' interest.  "
              'This film in the early era of the reform showed this phenomenon '
              'in a comic way, pointing out the need of urban reforms in '
              'addition to the rural reform already in progress.',
 'tt0382821': "Don't pay attention to the star rating, this movie was one of "
              'the picks of this years Rotterdam festival. I found it rather '
              'confusing at points and this was made no easier by some '
              'apparently rushed subtitling, hopefully this will be resolved '
              'if it is more widely released. The story centers on a world '
              'weary man who becomes obsessed with a serial blind-dating '
              'student, who bears a resemblance to a nightclub singer/pianist. '
              'The film has the same interesting plot twists that can make new '
              'Chinese cinema so good, but benefits enormously from external '
              'cinematography courtesy of Chris Doyle. The acting is engaging '
              'and the soundtrack excellent. A definite must see if you have '
              'an interest in new Chinese cinema.',
 'tt0384804': 'Organizers at the 39th Chicago International Film Festival had '
              "pundits going with comparisons to Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, "
              'yet upon closer inspection it was sadly ascertained this '
              "shameful 'art' circuit number reflects the watershed 1982 "
              'classic as does this writer Brad Pitt. Needless to say, SF fans '
              'attending the prestigious screening were soon outraged, '
              'reducing attendance from a hopeful sixty to mere fifteen two '
              'miserable hours later. Overseer Yu Lik Wai worked on several '
              'notable projects previously (Xiao Wu, Unknown Pleasures and '
              "Love Will Tear Us Apart), too bad his directing prowess didn't "
              'come across by way of this solo gig, a movie certainly '
              "complying with indie cinema's notorious triple P formula: "
              'pompous, pointless and painstakingly tiresome. Stealing its '
              'title from a cyberpunk novel by Willaim Gibson, the film traces '
              'agonizing travails thrust upon two brothers, their girlfriends '
              'and a little boy in post-apocalyptic China, where a ruthless '
              'fascist regime based on Buddhist mantra pulls off a decidedly '
              'poor Orwellian Big Brother imitation. Amid fallout from '
              'fictional, never-ending wars, the cast eventually realizes '
              'their tyrannical rulers have mysteriously jumped ship, leaving '
              'former political prisoners free to roam about. The disheveled '
              'motley crew sets out to find Port Perspective, a legendary '
              'haven run by pan-Asian forces, only to have oppression make a '
              "come back through corporate giants a la Samsung. ATP's only "
              'upside stems from a few token ideological novelties that would '
              'have been infinitely better served by a major, big-budget '
              "release.There's practically no acting nor dialogue, and while "
              'its desolate landscapes do echo influences like Brazil and '
              "David Lynch's equally tedious Eraserhead, they'll be nothing "
              'special to anyone who ever visited Shanxi province and/or '
              'Shijingshan on a bad day. Besides working wonders as a sleep '
              'aid, it also serves to undermine Chinese film-making and thus '
              'leads us to question its presence in coveted cinema '
              'expositions. We beseech whoever makes these choices to try '
              'harder next year.Rating: * (for ending with legible credits)',
 'tt0385004': 'One thing that people often overlook is how different the '
              'viewpoints of westerners or non- Chinese and Chinese are when '
              "watching the same film. Zhang's Hero was panned by a lot of "
              'Chinese film critics, and HOFD has been the target of several '
              'withering attacks as well, by man on the street as well as film '
              'critic. There are some nuances to the film that only Chinese '
              'viewers can appreciate--such as the dialogue, which in '
              'translation might seem perfectly reasonable, but which makes '
              "Chinese people laugh. We've seen enough costume dramas and "
              'period pieces, and have good enough sense of our history, to '
              'know what is believable and what is not. The way they wrote the '
              'dialogue, which is literary Chinese, but not quite, came off '
              'just hokey, especially when coming out of the mouths of '
              "Kaneshiro and Andy Lau. It's not just their mandarin is not "
              'what we are used to, but perhaps because in our minds they are '
              'part of pop culture, and thus you get some of the Keanu reeves '
              'doing Shakespeare kind of effect. It just falls short.And this '
              "is not to mention how unbelievable the love story is. I can't "
              'fathom why people consider this top-notch acting. The most '
              'popular actors are not necessarily the best actors--there are '
              'plenty of underrated Chinese character actors out there that '
              'could have burned a hole through any of these roles. Somehow, '
              'some people believe that just because set up the right '
              'premises--love, honor, loyalty, etc etc that will you '
              'automatically achieve something profound. Chinese people love '
              'martial arts and wuxia novels to be sure, but many of the '
              "people I talked to found Zhang Ziyi's xiao mei character dying "
              'and then seemingly reviving to be just silly. I would argue '
              'that in a movie that is patently a "fantasy" movie of sorts '
              'that you have to be fair and suspend disbelief, and they do say '
              'that she never pulled out the dagger in her heart, which is why '
              'she could stay alive long enough to utter some more hokum.I '
              'also agree with others that a final showdown between the House '
              'of Flying Daggers and the government police would have provided '
              'more of a sense of "closure" for the audience. I say this '
              'because whenever you have a premise like the end of a Chinese '
              'dynasty, outlaw groups attempting the overthrow of the '
              "government, you've got a great set up for a story, especially "
              'it is precisely the end of eras and beginning of new eras '
              '(dynasties) which capture the Chinese imagination. In the chaos '
              'of a crumbling order, men are men, both the best of heroes and '
              'worst of villains is likely to appear. The bonds that tie human '
              'beings together are strained, put through the crucible of a '
              'cruel death for being on the wrong side.Which is why it would '
              'have been nice if this so called romance or love story could '
              'have embedded in the larger framework of a story of the battle '
              'between the mysterious House of Flying Daggers and the remnants '
              'of the tang Dynasty.one more note: the whole spy, double double '
              'crossing thing is getting kind of old, considering infernal '
              'affairs and all the other new cop movies coming out of Hong '
              'Kong. I see that cinematic ally, there are always more CG '
              'effects to use, to bring us into the wuxia world...but '
              'intellectually, HOFD shows that these mainstream Chinese films '
              'have already pumped the well entirely dry.',
 'tt0385893': 'This is not a movie if you are looking for perfection. Whether '
              'in the story, or technically. Instead, watch it only for the '
              'experimentalism that the director boldly explored.There are '
              'many technical faults of the movie. Mainly those of the minimal '
              'basics. I cringed a couple of times at the jumps and the '
              'continuity of the shots.The story was simple. Gao Ju (Xia Yu) '
              'and Zhang Yang (Pu Shu) were best of friends, but they fall in '
              'love with Huanzi (Zhou Xun). Huanzi loves both of them and thus '
              'they formed an unbalanced trinity. A simple promise not to meet '
              'ever again after college ended up in disaster when Gao cannot '
              'resist wooing Huanzi again. The subplots of the story, linking '
              'the three in a cycle was refreshing, but could have been dealt '
              'with alot better. In fact, the whole story could have been '
              'dealt with alot better.What saved the movie was the way the '
              'thought put in to the style of the film. Firstly, it is a '
              'non-linear story, from the start to the end of the movie, you '
              'would not know when in time it was. Though confusing right to '
              'the end, it was very well done, because i believe that time was '
              'not an important factor in the equation anyway. The other thing '
              'that impressed me was the use of mannequins. I was stunned at '
              'first when i saw the mannequins and the actors acted alongside '
              'them as if they were real people, then i realise that the '
              'mannequins were stand-ins for the extras. I thought it was such '
              'an innovative way to make a statement. That people surrounding '
              'us that were unimportant were as good as mannequins because '
              'they don mean much to us anyway. The other scene that strucks '
              'me is the house of Huanzi is situated in an open meadow with '
              'only a bed, a door, and a decorated tree. It is up to the '
              'individual to comprehend why this is so, but from what i see, i '
              "believe it was to provide us with a glimpse of Huanzi's "
              'personal life, but not showing anything at all.Zhou did a great '
              'job as Huanzi, innocence-a-plenty during the before, and '
              'nonchalance with a tinct of longing in the after, thus '
              'providing us with a great contrast of time. Xia was very '
              'entertaining, basically is the comic relief of the movie. He '
              'brings a smile to your lips without being the clown. Pu on the '
              'other hand, is convincing as the solemn one, the punk, the bad '
              'boy that all girls love.Overall, this is a very amateurish '
              'production, with a strong cast and interesting experimental '
              'effects to save it. I would suggest watching it, not for the '
              'movie itself, but for what the director is trying to express in '
              'it.',
 'tt0386651': 'Meaning "Beautiful mountains; beautiful maidens" in Tibetan, '
              'Kekexili is the relentless, harsh mountainous plateau in '
              "China's interior west just at the border of Tibet. Together "
              'with the splendorous scenery comes ferocious snowstorms and '
              "treacherous quicksand. It's these forces of nature that "
              'eventually brought peril to a troop of voluntary mountain '
              'patroller in the pursuit of poachers of the near-extinct '
              'Tibetan antelopes during the mid 90s.The story of the voluntary '
              'mountain patrol is told through a Beijing report who '
              'accompanied them through a 10-day quest to track down a band of '
              'poachers who kidnapped and murdered one of their men. Led by '
              'indefatigable leader Ritai, these volunteers from all walks of '
              'life shared a common passion, there fervent love of the lordly '
              'Tibetan antelopes and hence their furious hatred of the '
              'ruthless poachers. The intensity of this passion is brought '
              'home to the audience when they witness a scene of a mountain '
              'plain littered by hundreds of carcasses of skinned antelopes in '
              'the middle of being picked clean by carrion crows, and later '
              'reinforced by a similar scene, with the skin of these antelopes '
              'spread out to dry, some with crimson bullet holes.Filmed as a '
              'semi-documentary, Kekexili does not portray the patrollers as '
              'one-dimensional heroes as some Hollywood flicks might have '
              'done. We see them, during their red-hot pursuit, rough-handling '
              'a minor offender caught with antelope hair instead of cotton '
              'padding his coat and a couple of worm catchers who happened to '
              'have witnessed the poacher passing by. But these are minor, as '
              'we gradually come to understand that desperate for financial '
              'resources, as they were only semi-official and not paid by the '
              'provincial government, the mountain patrol resorted to selling '
              'some of the pelts they confiscated from the poachers. But the '
              'lasting impression left with us of the mountain patrol would be '
              'their humanity, their simple zest for life, their comradeship, '
              'their self-sacrificing spirit and their absolute dedication to '
              'doing what they believe in.Kekexili is a deeply moving account '
              'of a true story crying out to be told, and has won awards in '
              'Tokyo and Taiwan. It deserves to be seen by the rest of the '
              'world.* * * After the first screening of Kekexili in the Hong '
              'Kong International Film Festival (22 March to 6 April 2005), '
              'young, handsome director Lu Chuan answered questions from the '
              'audience in Putonghua and respectably fluent English.He '
              'explained that he was moved to making this film after reading '
              'the report of the Beijing photojournalist Ga Yu. The film took '
              'two years in preparation before filming, and was shot at the '
              'exact locations of the actual events. He said that in filming '
              'the story of the mountain patrol, he was not trying to provide '
              'an answer to what fuelled their devotion, but just to reflect '
              'what actually happened. On the minor questions, he explained '
              'that the five hundred odd carcasses in the film were not from '
              'killing antelopes (yes, that was the question!), but were '
              "actually from mountain goats that was the natives' normal food. "
              'And yes, he himself did try eating raw meat, as the reporter '
              'did in the movie, when offered a leg just cut from a rabbit '
              'freshly shot..Breaking of the story by the Beijing reporter '
              'brought sensational worldwide reaction. In response, the '
              'government took strong measures and formed an official force to '
              'stamp out poaching of the antelopes. The voluntary mountain '
              'patrol, having thus achieved its goal, was disbanded. The '
              'population of the Tibetan antelope has since increased.',
 'tt0387592': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: Let out '
              'your secrets.This movie is social criticism in the form of '
              'social satire, whether it is intentional not.In the recent '
              'rapid Chinese economic expansion, people have more money and '
              'can afford luxury that they previously dared not to dream of, '
              'such as a car. But very unfortunately, having money to buy a '
              'car to drive does not necessarily mean that having the ethics '
              'of driving, such as stopping and helping the victim, and more '
              'importantly, not driving and driving.  The movie gives an '
              'accurate depiction of the consequences of what would happen and '
              'every potential Chinese drivers should watch this movie.',
 'tt0388549': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie can be '
              "loosely termed as: the New Year's Money.The Non-Chinese "
              'audience needs to know a little bit of the traditional Chinese '
              'cultural practice in order to under the title of this movie, as '
              'well as the movie itself.Just like the Christmas gifts the kids '
              'in the west would receive, Chinese kids would also receive '
              'something during the most important celebration of the year:  '
              'The Chinese new year.  In stead of gifts kids in the western '
              'world would receive, the Chinese elders usually give kids money '
              "instead, and this is how the New Years' Money comes from.",
 'tt0389448': 'I was born and raised up in Tie Xi, the industry zone in '
              'ShenYang city, Liao Ning, China. My father is a Central heating '
              'system engineer(Nuan Qi), which is an unique steam heating '
              'system in North China.\n'
              'He is one of the engineer works on the land of YanFen, the area '
              'in part three of the movie. For the rebuild of that area.\n'
              'This film record almost the whole life of the people like '
              "father's age in TieXi.\n"
              'Even though Yanfen and factory already rebuild or move to urban '
              'area, I still can remember some of them.\n'
              'Thanks to the staff of this film, this is a gift especial for '
              'the people born after the Industry era of Shenyang.',
 'tt0390311': 'Among the many genres of Chinese film, the rural drama is one '
              'that stands out. There are those of Zhang Yimou and Chen Kaige, '
              "as well as many others such as 'Postman in the Mountains. I "
              'certainly prefer them to those that pick at the ugly scab of '
              'the Cultural Revolution. While historically important, the '
              'events of the Cultural Revolution, much like the horrors of '
              'war, are hard to relate to for those who did not live through '
              'it. Which is not to deny the importance of such films, but the '
              'simple humanity of films such as the aforementioned rural '
              "dramas, and this film 'Nuan', weaves a spell that is hard to "
              'shake off.This film takes place in and around a modest, but '
              'well-watered village in a picturesque part of Jiangxi (I '
              'think). It is wonderfully green, and notwithstanding the '
              'hardships of rural life, looks quite idyllic. The narrator, '
              'Jinghe, has returned after about ten years away, and is '
              'actually leaving for the city again when he come across Nuan, '
              'the woman of the title. She suffers from a limp, and still '
              'nurses a grievance against Jinghe, one that is explained as the '
              'film progresses. Jinghe returns to the village with her, hoping '
              'perhaps to right the wrongs of the past, and the viewer is '
              'taken along too, through numerous reminiscences and lengthy '
              "flashbacks. Jinghe also meets Nuan's daughter, and her husband, "
              'the mute and volatile A Ba, of whom Nuan had actually been '
              'afraid when younger.All four of the main characters are '
              'excellently portrayed by the actors, though the Japanese actor '
              '(Terujuki Kagawa) playing A Ba stood out in particular. The '
              'camera-work was well done, exploiting the interesting aspects '
              'of interiors and exteriors. There was so much to look at in '
              "some shots, that I'm glad they were held for long enough to "
              'enjoy more fully. On top of this, the music was really icing on '
              'the cake, particularly the bamboo flute, which was so evocative '
              'of time and place, of tranquil contemplation and bittersweet '
              'nostalgia.I heartily recommend this movie to anyone already '
              'interested in Chinese film, or even as an ideal introduction '
              'for those new to Chinese film due to its attractiveness and '
              'accessibility. It is a worthy addition to the genre of the '
              'rural drama, is well written, well acted and beautifully '
              'photographed.',
 'tt0390649': 'Zhifu is a gritty film that explores the plight of people who '
              'have few skills and little education in a China shifting from a '
              'command to a market economy. It is also about the disconnect '
              'between the "common folk" and the authorities who ride herd '
              'over them. Having spent most of the 90s in China, I can say '
              'that Zhifu captures a lot of what daily life in urban China is '
              'like - family life, attitudes towards authority, the sense of '
              'aesthetic, and the contradictions of loyalty.If I had a '
              'criticism of Zhifu, it would not be the lowish production '
              'value, which I think makes the film more authentic and fresh. '
              'Rather, I would take issue with the near utter lack of humor or '
              'happiness. The director may be trying too hard to depict a '
              'difficult situation. Chinese people are not typically morose or '
              'grim, and often express a sense of humor that is somehow '
              'cheerfully sardonic. The film would have been lifted to '
              'something more had we been shown this resilience, in addition '
              'to the hardships the characters endure.',
 'tt0390805': 'Zhao Guang (Huang Hong) is a simple chicken egg farmer. An '
              'orphan himself, he was raised by the local villagers. One day, '
              'because he donates 10,000 yuan to a welfare agency, he appears '
              'on local television. Zhao unfortunately has a big mouth and '
              'during his TV interview, boastfully says "I\'d love to be your '
              'dad if you accept me." Zhao returns to his village as a hero '
              'and prepares for his wedding to Gui Qing (Li Lin).On the day of '
              'his engagement party, chaos ensues when 25 orphans show up '
              'based on his offer to be their father. Zhao tries to return the '
              "orphans to their homes, but they don't want to go and he "
              'becomes their reluctant parent. With a bit of telling off when '
              'the kids mess up it is mostly comedy.',
 'tt0395819': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: An Eagle '
              'of Downstream.Audience needs to have some Chinese knowledge to '
              'understand the title of this movie: the phrase "downstream" '
              '(Xia-Jiang in Mandarin) is actually a geographical term that '
              'include the Nan-Jing, the provincial capital of Jiang-Su '
              'province in the eastern part of China, and the surrounding '
              'regions located in the downstream of the Yangtze River.It is '
              'very interesting to know that this movie is actually not that '
              'great, just a so-so production, for purely commercial purpose, '
              'but it was popular in the then Eastern Germany, which was '
              'unfamiliar with China.',
 'tt0398388': '"When Ruoma Was Seventeen" is a beautiful film. Director Zhang '
              'Jiarui\'s is an excellent artist. No wonder "When Ruoma Was '
              'Seventeen" has been invited by 28 countries to be in their '
              'international film festivals and it has won several awards.The '
              'setting of the story is in Yunnan Province that is famous for '
              'its beautiful scenery and landscape. The story is told as '
              "beautifully as its' background scenery. After I watched the "
              'film, I just feel refreshed and purified. And watching this '
              'film is a wonderful and happy experience. I kept thinking about '
              'this film once I finished it.The film is about a 17-year old '
              "Hani girl named Ruoma and its' story is about the things "
              'happened to Ruoma when she was 17 years old. Hani is a minority '
              'ethnic group living in Yunnan province. Although the modern '
              'world surrounds them is so sophisticated, busy, and noisy, '
              'these people still preserve their simple life style and the '
              'self-sustaining way of living pretty much unaffected by the '
              'outside world. Hani people have good hearts and simple mindset, '
              'and they are sincere all because of the simple and pure life '
              'style they have. So you can imagine how lovely, pure, naive '
              'Ruoma is. She is the uncontaminated gem and jewel in this '
              'modern world. Everyday Ruoma makes a short trip to the town to '
              'sell roast corn. The interaction between her and the modern '
              'world takes place gradually. The outside world fascinates her '
              'and she is curious about a lot of stuff she did not know.When '
              'Ruoma appears on the screen, she is so pure and beautiful like '
              'the beautiful mountains and rivers that nurtured her. And she '
              'always amazes me with her way of thinking because we would '
              'never expect a person to be so sincere. Somehow I wish people '
              'could be all like that, then how beautiful the world would be. '
              'I think this is why the city boy photographer Ruoma met likes '
              'or probably loves her. Ruoma on the other hand is longing for '
              'the experience she did not have before such as experience in '
              'the elevator in the skyscrapers. People just long for something '
              'they could not have.At the end of the movie, Ruoma grows up a '
              'bit after she had some interesting experience and some sad '
              'experience when she was seventeen. She is still pure and '
              'uncontaminated, but what she has experience definitely is good '
              'to her.It is an excellent film. It is a journey of art from the '
              'beginning to the end of the film.',
 'tt0399048': "...there's a Fei. And a Ying Zi and good old Mr. Huang.The "
              'pleasure in this movie is in the senses, with great visuals, '
              'artistic camera work and period western music.Ying and Fei are '
              'half-sisters thrown together at the will of their father. '
              'Literally. Fei was his child by a maid who was subsequently '
              "dismissed, although Fei's schooling has been supported. At his "
              'death he stipulates a reconciliation (of sorts) before Ying may '
              'inherit the estate.The story gains a stronger emphasis as the '
              "inevitable love triangle develops with Mr. Huang, Ying's "
              '"fiance". As in so many of these doomed relationships Mr. Huang '
              'wishes "I want them both" to which a friend says "then have '
              'them both, you\'re the man".The plot features yearning for '
              'family and for affection, played out without one ever being '
              "sure of the authenticity; the characters' motives are sometimes "
              'stated but more often only indicated by a glance, a shift in '
              'posture or a change in framing, often exquisitely done.The '
              'characters pursue their destinies (always with great visual '
              'style) while almost oblivious to the impeding doom of their '
              'society collapsing, their fates foreshadowing the great changes '
              "soon to take place in Mao's China.",
 'tt0399650': 'That is, recommended for every wife whose hubby is going to '
              'China for  "business trips".  The literal translation of the '
              'title of this movie is: Cell Phone.  The original intent of the '
              'film crew was to make a social satire, or  light hearted social '
              'critic work, but the result were totally out of  expectation '
              'and got out of hand.  Although the story itself is a fake, but '
              'identical and similar  incidents happens way too frequently in '
              'real life, and in fact, that is  main reason why this movie was '
              'made.   What got out of control was that many wives in real '
              'life strongly  believe that their husbands cheats exactly like '
              'the one in the movie  and these wives checks the messages of '
              "their husbands' cell phones to  find out if there is any "
              'messages or calls from the possible  mistresses, and many '
              'cheating husbands were caught this way in real  life, whether '
              'it was real relationship with real mistresses, or virtual  '
              'reality distant relationship via internet and wireless network '
              '(The  latter is also considered cheating by Chinese).  Another '
              'of the problem this movie was blamed by husbands and '
              'boyfriends  was that even if it is proved that the guys were '
              'not cheating, the  wives or girlfriends still check their '
              "husbands' or boyfriends' cell  phone because such inspection "
              'prevent cheating from happening, serving  as a deterrent, and '
              'when guys tried to delete the messages in their  cell phone '
              'like the husbands in the movie, the girlfriends or wives  only '
              'believed that they were trying to hide their cheating like the  '
              'wife in the movie.  Obviously, such behaviors created a lot of '
              'problems in real life and  this movie was blamed (mostly by '
              'man, while it is cheered by most  women, though).  The debate '
              'is still raging on until this day.  The unexpected problems '
              'caused by this movie was not only limited to  China, Taiwan '
              'suffered also when this movie was aired, and many couples  '
              'broke up as a result. There are others who went bankrupt. For '
              "example,  a construction contractor's wife was so suspicious "
              'that she checked on  every potential customer who made calls to '
              "her hubby's cell phone and  many got fed up and took their "
              'business elsewhere, and as a result, the  contractor went '
              'bankrupt.',
 'tt0402600': 'At the heart of a "sixty-somethings" man\'s life, there is '
              'often a yearning for a return to those places which pleased or '
              'fascinated him in earlier years (believe me, I know!). This '
              'Chinese gentle man (gentleman, too) is determined to go back to '
              'his early workplace, while his daughter has wished him to '
              'accept the stodgy anonymity of early old age. His odyssey leads '
              'him into complications which are never less than fascinating '
              'and the director, Zhu Wen, has captured the frustrations and '
              'acceptance of the barriers which surround the lead actor. This '
              'is a movie which will never feature on most people\'s "top '
              'twenty", but it is an engaging and enthralling look at what '
              'most men and women will encounter as they progress through '
              'middle age, even if the demands shown on this character are '
              'more than the average person will need to cope with!',
 'tt0405023': 'How refreshing to have a movie titled so honestly, for Xin '
              "Lee's Berlin Festival-entrant Dazzling production will "
              'certainly leave you awe-struck with its pristine beauty and '
              'sly, touching charm. Heavily influenced by, but by no means '
              'derivative of, respected classics such as David Lynch, Wim '
              "Wenders and Ridley Scott's Blade Runner, Dazzling brings home "
              'movie making of supreme intelligence and savvy conduct, '
              'belonging to an ilk seldom seen in filmdom. Shot humbly in '
              "Shanghai (minus obvious, hyperbole frames of the city's "
              'numerous architectural wonders), it dishes out hallucinatory '
              'tales dreamt up by a movie theater attendant (Wu La La, who '
              "also recorded the film's sound) slightly obsessed with finding "
              "love amid life's treacherous obstructions. Somehow two stranded "
              'angels (Zhuang Min and Cui Zonglu) on a matchmaking mission '
              'also become entwined in the whole deliciously addictive mess, '
              "helping showcase our reality's often bewildering, but hopefully "
              'sweet, fabric.Through a multiple-plot structure, staggeringly '
              'clever visuals and an awesome soundtrack (by Xiao Min and Dou '
              'Wei), Dazzling becomes one of those rare gems capable of being '
              'utterly cool without overly striving for wannabe hip status, a '
              "la some Quentin Tarantino films we'll be better off not "
              'mentioning. Although it leaves an overall somber impression, '
              'via its emphasis on the irony of living and loving, Dazzling '
              'succeeds in generating truly humorous, uplifting moments, so '
              "please don't worry about getting depressed or anything. "
              'Actually, its ending will pleasantly surprise you. Since it '
              'pulls duty as a sci-fi, social commentary and tear-jerker epic '
              'simultaneously, Dazzling will attract a wide variety of '
              "audiences. Heck, it'll attract anyone with a heart.",
 'tt0405497': 'The literal translation of the title of this movie is: '
              'Ingeniously Taking the Tiger Mountain.This movie, like most '
              'Chinese war movies, is based on the true story that really '
              'happened, and it was based on the one chapter in the memoir of '
              'battle hero, the scout company commander.This movie is a '
              'classic of the Cultural Revolution era because virtually '
              'everything can be criticized and labeled as '
              'counterrevolutionary, so people had to rely on something that '
              'is absolutely safe, without any controversy. As a matter of '
              'fact, during the entire decade of the Cultural Revolution, '
              'there were only a total of 8 themes that was safe, and this was '
              'one of the eight.  Everything in the artistic and entertainment '
              'world must be based on these 8 themes and this topic was thus '
              'written to a novel, produced as a TV show, radio show, Peking '
              'Opera, and stage show.  In order to play safe, all of these '
              'productions also had the same name.',
 'tt0406002': 'Jing Zhe, is one of the twenty four seasons in the traditional '
              'Chinese lunar calendar and it is used as the title of this '
              'movie.  Non-Chinese audience need to hear some explanation of '
              'the division of the lunar calendar in China:Since for most part '
              'of the Chinese history, China is a agricultural society and as '
              'a result, the lunar calendar was divided into much smaller '
              'sections than the traditional four seasons to better suited for '
              'farming seasons, and there are a total of twenty-four such '
              'small seasons.The title is symbolic in that currently, the '
              "'season' for Chinese peasantry is not good and they become the "
              'Chinese equivalent of the untouchables.',
 'tt0407876': 'The music is very 19th century romantic in style and '
              'presentation. The artistic quality is very good. If you think '
              'all ballet is the "Nutcracker and Sleeping Beauty" type then '
              'you should see this ballet. This ballet has battle and fight '
              'scenes that are very action oriented. This is an entertaining '
              'movie and should get a wider viewing. The ballet does '
              'incorporate some traditional Chinese musical themes and '
              'instrumentation. The make up seems to be inspired by Chinese '
              'opera. This ballet may not be to everyones taste, but it should '
              'keep you awake. The basic story is of a runaway servant of a '
              "cruel landlord, who hooks up with the local women's detachment "
              "of the Peolpe's Liberation Army during the late twenties or "
              'early thirties of the 20th century. The detachment works to '
              'overthrow the evil landlord and the Nationlist army on Hainan '
              'island. No need for spoiler info because if you know anything '
              'about the arts during the Cultural Revolution you will know how '
              'this story ends.',
 'tt0415116': 'I had the pleasure of seeing this strange and yet wonderful '
              'film at the Telluride film festival with a group of fellow film '
              'students, and actually got to meet the director and speak with '
              'her through a translator. She was thrilled with the audience '
              'her work was reaching, and is planning on more films in the '
              'future. The director (a woman, which is amazing enough for '
              'Chinese cinema) is also one of the first to be allowed to shoot '
              'a film with such dark material and given an international '
              'screening, uncensored by the government. The film itself is '
              'deeply experimental, but never for an instant boring, despite '
              'sometimes hard to follow subtitles. A landmark achievement for '
              'Chinese film.',
 'tt0415948': 'Passages is a difficult film to sum up easily. For such a quiet '
              'movie, there was actually a fair bit happening, not so much in '
              'terms of plot, but in how it frames certain questions, how it '
              'portrays parts of China.The story centers around a couple of '
              'young students. They are unmarried, but apparently close enough '
              'to leave together for another town, looking for lingzhi '
              'mushrooms, which they intend to cultivate then sell at a '
              'profit. Without giving away too much of the slender plot, most '
              'of the movie has to do with their travels to another city, then '
              'home again. On the way, they deal with a number of regular '
              'people, but also some criminals and an oddball or two. Then '
              'when they return to their own town, they have some explaining '
              'to do to their families and school. Out of this emerges a '
              'number of questions: whether it is better to keep trying to get '
              'into university (and presumably a safe career thereafter) after '
              'years of unsuccessful attempts, or whether it might be better '
              "to strike out on one's own in a risky, but perhaps profitable, "
              'venture. I suppose this is a question many young Chinese face '
              "now.Stylistically, 'Passages' is quite similar to the works of "
              'Jia Zhangke. It has that same sort of patient camera which is '
              'happy to let things happen before it without chasing the action '
              'about or indulging in close-ups. The often distant camera '
              'allows the viewer to see more than just the two central '
              'characters, and in a sense, the changing background is like a '
              'third character \x96 it is the broader situation the pair of '
              'students move through and deal with. The scenery is often '
              'bleak, even outside the urban areas, and there is nothing '
              'romantic about the Yangtse. Yet, the way it is photographed, it '
              'still appeals, by virtue of its unglamourised immediacy.There '
              'is also a fair amount of humour, played in a deadpan fashion. '
              'Individual viewers may or may not appreciate it, depending on '
              'their tastes (and perhaps culture). The acting is natural and '
              'understated, suitable to the theme and style of the movie.It is '
              "mainly to the fans of Jia Zhangke I'd recommend this film, and "
              "of course to the curious. Don't expect special effects, "
              'impossibly witty dialogue, or a hit soundtrack. It is a '
              'different kind of experience entirely, and a journey worth '
              'taking.',
 'tt0416634': 'This is a documentary done about people that live around the '
              "'Tea-Horse' route in a southern region of China bordering "
              'Yunnan and Tibet. The route is far less known than its northern '
              'counterpart, the Silk Route. I was never aware of it until I '
              'saw this film and now I have a desire to visit it some '
              'day.Camera work was visually satisfying. The scenery was unique '
              'and gorgeous. Interviews with the locals were honest and '
              'unpretentious, although some could be cut short to reduce the '
              'overall length of the film from over 2 hours to, say, 90 '
              'minutes to make this film a bit tighter and less tedious.You '
              'will find this film interesting if you care about how people '
              'live in that part of the world. The part that is totally '
              'disconnected from the economic engine of China; the part where '
              'time appears to have stood still for decades. There is this '
              'family of devout Catholics, and the story how their members '
              'maintained their faith throughout the political turmoil. And '
              'there are these two Tibetan brothers who shared a wife and '
              'still achieve harmony. And other characters that are very '
              'removed from our daily life.The film is about simple people, '
              'their environment, and their aspirations. I find it very '
              'educational and visually rewarding.',
 'tt0416943': '*MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS* *MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS* *MAY CONTAIN '
              'SPOILERS*The plot outline is straight forward. It may put you '
              "off. It shouldn't. No one tells you that it contain only half "
              'of the story because the film begins with a completely '
              'different story and only in the end of that story come the '
              'policeman in question to the scene and from than onwards it his '
              'story.The second half of the film concentrate on the policeman '
              'and his cheating wife and focus on the old and famous '
              'questions: What is love? Why we love someone? Has sex anything '
              'to do with love? And while the subject are familiar the film '
              "doesn't land into clichés and manage, thanks to and restrained "
              'and charged performance of the main character, to be engaging '
              'and touching. The ending is so vague it will leave you thinking '
              'a little bit.Go and see it. You are sure to enjoy it.',
 'tt0417976': 'The Promise directed by Chen Kaige, who directed the excellent '
              'but depressing Farewell My Concubine, is pretty much being '
              'hated by people everywhere on this database. Everybody claims '
              "that it's not a real martial arts film, that the cast is "
              'terrible, the special effects are cheesy, the story is garbage '
              'and the directing is just plain awful. Well, there is some '
              'truth in some of those comments. But instead of looking at it a '
              'negative way, one should look at those negatives with a glass '
              'half-full approach, and one realize there is a very enjoyable '
              'movie underneath all this massive criticism.Yes, The Promise is '
              "not a martial arts movie, i'll be the first to admit that. It's "
              'such a shame that this movie is being compared to Crouching '
              'Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Hero because this movie is not at all '
              'like those films. For starters, this movie is less Jet Li and '
              'more Lord of the Rings, but with an Asian influence. That being '
              'said, i found that element of the movie quite intriguing, for '
              'the costumes and the cultures of the characters in the movie '
              'made me feel as if i were reading a fantasy novel rather than '
              'merely watching a martial arts film. Furthermore, since this '
              'movie is not a martial arts film really, one should realize '
              "that this movie isn't about China, contrary to what many people "
              'think. So it makes sense that there is a range of other Asian '
              'actors in this film, despite what everyone else making it out '
              'that it is ludicrous. The director Chen Kaige wanted to present '
              'a story in a land that was just limited to Chinese people, '
              'Japanese people or one simple Asian people. He wanted to create '
              'his own land, with his own people, perhaps his own mythology '
              'one could say. I find it quite intriguing when people create '
              'their own mythology, after all, it works for Frank Miller and '
              "Quentin Tarantino, why can't it work for Kaige? So the story "
              'excels, not perfect, but it is still intriguing enough. So what '
              'about the acting? Not superb either, but still quite solid. '
              'Though i was a little disappointed in Cecilia Cheung, i was '
              'surprisingly enamored with Nicholas Tse. For some reason, his '
              'character had me hooked, intrigued, and his role at the ending '
              'may be either clever or stupid depending on your openness to '
              'this movie. Hiroyuki Sanada was also quite a surprise, but i '
              'felt a little let down by his performance as well, expecting '
              'perhaps too much from a character that was limited. As for the '
              'slave Kunlun, he perhaps had a very stellar performance as the '
              "slave turned hero, but to me, he didn't compare to Nicholas "
              "Tse.The effects of the movie aren't the greatest, at times they "
              'are cheesy and some part even had me chuckle a bit, making me '
              'feel as if i were watching an anime film and not a real movie. '
              "Yet contrary to what many people say, it doesn't take anything "
              'away from the movie. And as far as the directing, i believe '
              'Chen Kaige did a fantastic job. He is a very underrated '
              'director, which is hard to say for a guy that won the 1993 Cann '
              "Palm D'or, but i believe he needs to have some supporters with "
              'all the critique he gets from movie audiences all over the '
              'world.The Promise is a glorious film and i was enamored with it '
              'from beginning to end. It may not be one of the best Asian '
              'films out there (Wong Kar Wai is still the king of Asian '
              "Cinema), and i'm still scratching my head on why the government "
              'of China would sponsor a film like this (considering it really '
              'is about any Chinese history whatsoever), but it is enjoyable. '
              "If you're looking for a fun, fantasy romance that has a little "
              'bit more substance than the simple hack and slash fantasy film, '
              "this is your call. If you're looking though for a dramatic "
              'martial arts film in the mold of Crouching Tiger, Hidden '
              'Dragon, you might be a little disappointed. But nonetheless, '
              "it's a good film that deserves recognition.",
 'tt0422532': "Go see Manhole! (Jing gai'er). Manhole is a story about being "
              "confronted with China's rapid change. Tang Daxing, the main "
              'character, has just been released from prison after serving 7 '
              'years for a fight (he was protecting his girlfriend, the lounge '
              'singer Xiao Hui (Artfully played by Ning Jing.) Daxing is '
              'confronted by the fact that China has changed dramatically '
              'since his incarceration. He needs money to start a life and a '
              'family with his girlfriend but he has no skills applicable to '
              'China\'s new economy. Will his "therapy" meetings with a local, '
              'thoughtful cop who is responsible for his parole (director Zhao '
              'Baogang) stop him from the temptation of robbing the wealthy '
              'businessman who might marry his girlfriend?Manhole deals with a '
              'number of issues important in high growth China. However, what '
              'is most impressive is how Chen Daming weaves the story. His '
              'interaction and mixing of characters is more indicative of Guy '
              'Ritchie and Quentin Terrantino influences than the art houses '
              'films of China. Finally, a Chinese film has arrived with flair, '
              'fast pacing, good editing, and glib dialogue. This promising '
              "feature is Chen's first film and, going forward, we should "
              'expect greater things from this young director who is heralding '
              'the beginning of a new generation of filmmakers. If you are '
              'going to see one Chinese film this year, go see Manhole!',
 'tt0422738': 'This movie provides a wonderful depiction of the effects of the '
              'cultural revolution on modern Chinese families and it is '
              'interesting to observe how the siblings interact and how these '
              'interactions are based on their different lives. One lives with '
              'her mother and works in a fish factory. One works in the United '
              'States and has lost a lot of her Chinese identity. Another '
              'sibling is a successful lawyer, but his home life is a wreck. '
              'His wife wants a divorce and his son is doing badly in school. '
              'The third works out in Mongolia and wishes for his '
              'granddaughter to have an education in Shanghi, unlike his '
              'children. All of these people gather as their mother is dying '
              'and even though they are only separated by 10 years their '
              'experiences show the changes that have occurred in China during '
              'the few years of the Cultural Revolution. The film is built on '
              'the interactions of this family as they gather to see their '
              'mother die and the acting is very well done. The director was '
              'at the screening I went to and told the audience that the '
              'Chinese film board did not censor this film. That was curious '
              "because it's depiction of the Cultural Revolution is definitely "
              'negative. It does not use flashbacks, instead focusing on the '
              'stories characters tell and focusing on the reactions and '
              'facial expressions. I would definitely recommend this film as '
              'an excellent depiction of how the turbulent political history '
              'effects present day Chinese Society.',
 'tt0423176': '"The World" is set in the tacky eponymous Beijing theme park '
              'and details the lives of the alienated young workers who are '
              "spiritually and physically trapped there. It's a subtle, "
              'delicate, yet powerful film with a directing style that can '
              'best described as artfully unobtrusive. The young '
              'director/writer is a master of composition, camera movement and '
              'sound. Some of the scenes unspool without editing for several '
              'minutes, the camera mostly still, sometimes moving with the '
              'action but never on the whim of the filmmaker. Sound and '
              'dialogue occur off-screen in a way that reminds one of the '
              "great Japanese director Ozu. (Indeed, one of the film's "
              'inter-titled chapters is called "Tokyo Story". One of the best '
              'examples of this style is a grimy hotel room scene between the '
              'lead couple in which very little happens--an attempted '
              'seduction, but no sex--that is so authentic it feels almost '
              'voyeuristic to watch. In another scene, a father counts and '
              'pockets four stacks of money bestowed to him by the authorities '
              'for the accidental death of his son, his face an expressionless '
              'mask that hides more pain than could ever be shown. In an '
              'opening scene the camera tracks a female dancer running through '
              'a theatre backstage, pleading for a band aid she will never '
              'get--thus slyly presaging the untreatable tragedies that will '
              'eventually unfold. The central characters are so alone, '
              'alienated and unable to communicate in any meaningful way--much '
              'of the dialogue is spoken into the ubiquitous cellphones--that '
              'the closest any two people come together are two woman--one '
              "Chinese, the other Russian--who don't speak a word of each "
              "other's language. This is the best kind of social commentary a "
              "film can offer, images that show and don't tell. At times it "
              'feels plodding--especially the last half hour--some of the '
              'characters could use more development, and the animated '
              'cellphone sequences seem unnecessary and distracting. But the '
              "depiction of contemporary urban China's deepening social "
              'malaise--the result of far too rapid urbanization and unchecked '
              'Westernization--is troubling enough to make one fear the '
              "country's--and the world's--future.",
 'tt0424234': 'I am a huge fan of the American film Letter from an Unknown '
              'Woman (Ophuls/Koch, 1948), so I was ready to be sort of '
              'defensive about this one. But I must admit it is really very '
              "very good. One reason I don't mind having another version is "
              'that this one is so different. While the 1948 version is '
              'squarely in the romantic tradition, this film is very '
              'realistic. It is also much closer to the Stefan Zweig short '
              'story that both films are based on. The best thing about it I '
              'think is the amazingly convincing portrayal of a character who '
              'ages from her early teens to her early thirties. I have never '
              'seen that sort of thing done so well. The one flaw, I think, is '
              'the casting of Wen Jiang as the man who is the object of the '
              "woman's erotic obsession. He just doesn't have the magnetism to "
              'get us to sympathize with her fixation on him. But then, maybe '
              "we aren't supposed to.",
 'tt0424273': 'ELECTRIC SHADOWS is such a little treasure that I want to plug '
              "it in to every film lover I know. The comparison to Italy's "
              '"Cinema Paradiso" is apt in the most important way because '
              "it's all about how movies enrich the life of a child. In other "
              'ways, the film is so vastly different from writer/director '
              "Giuseppi Tornatore's lovely work, which is quintessentially "
              'Italian: big with emotions, architecture, color, performance, '
              'length and budget. In this short and seemingly simple Chinese '
              'film, lack is everywhere, from the missing father to the lives '
              'these characters lead: where they live and work, what they have '
              'to eat and how they get around (the bus in which sister escorts '
              'her baby brother is a perfect case in point).Yet thanks to a '
              'style that is warm, honest, rich and--especially--gentle, a '
              'story full of quite awful happenings is told in such a way that '
              'whatever director/co-writer Jiang Xiao offers us, including '
              'some pretty heavy coincidence, we gratefully accept because all '
              'of it works beautifully toward her goal of celebrating film, '
              'family and friendship. Her achievement is all the more '
              'surprising because the movie--her first, and filmed, it would '
              'appear, on an awfully small budget--starts out simply and '
              'charmingly then quietly builds until it reaches a conclusion '
              'that ties everything together without a whiff of heavy-handed '
              'melodrama or overkill. In the Special Features, the director '
              'explains her purpose, how she came to film-making, and her hope '
              'to do something worthy for the major anniversary of Chinese '
              "film. I can't imagine a better gift to the country, its growing "
              'film industry, or the widening world of international film '
              'lovers. Enjoy!',
 'tt0425637': 'The Battle of Red Cliffs holds a special place in Chinese '
              'history and mythology. It was a decisive conflict which '
              'occurred at the end of the Han Dynasty, immediately prior to '
              'the period of the Three Kingdoms, and it was fought in the '
              'winter of 208/209 between the allied forces of the southern '
              'warlords Liu Bei and Sun Quan and the numerically superior '
              'forces of the northern warlord Cao Cao.The 2008 film, titled '
              'simply "Red Cliff", was deliberately timed for release in China '
              'in the lead up to the 2008 Summer Olympics and was a great '
              'success with Chinese audiences. One year later, the movie has a '
              'limited release in the West where the selling point is not so '
              'much the history (which is largely unknown outside China) as '
              "the director (Hong Kong's John Woo who is known for such "
              'Hollywood work as "Broken Arrow", "Face/Off" and "Mission: '
              'Impossible 2").It has to be said that the Mandarin dialogue is '
              'leaden and much of the acting somewhat exaggerated, but a huge '
              'cast and considerable special effects - allied with the '
              "director's trademark style - makes the movie visually stunning "
              'with clever tactical manoeuvres, multiple battle scenes and '
              'considerable blood.If it all seems a little confused to Western '
              'audiences, this is probably because we are seeing it in a '
              'rather different version to the original. In Asia, "Red Cliff" '
              'was released in two parts, totalling over four hours in length, '
              "whereas outside of Asia, the release is a single film of 'only' "
              'two and a half hours. For me, it\'s not up there with "Hero" or '
              '"House of Flying Daggers" but it is well-worth seeing and a '
              'pictorial treat.',
 'tt0431729': 'What sort of film would have resulted if, in the mid 1960s, '
              "Busby Berkeley, fresh from his gig on 'Jumbo', had been invited "
              "by none other than Chairman Mao to realize a project styled 'a "
              "song and dance epic', for the benefit of the entire People's "
              'Republic of China to digest as a picture show entertainment? '
              'Something flashy, but with a message. Something to enliven and '
              "uplift the people in ways that even the 'Little Red Book' could "
              "not achieve. Well, Buzz never took up the 'offer', but the film "
              "which emerged, 'Dongfang Hong' (aka 'The East is Red') "
              'certainly ranks as one of the most impressive musicals ever '
              'made, despite being buried in obscurity. Film critic Elvis '
              "Mitchell, upon seeing clips of 'Dongfang', thought first of "
              "Vincente Minelli as far as style is concerned. It's true, "
              "there's more of 'An American in Paris' here than '42nd Street', "
              "but that's where the film's message comes in: wow the "
              'people.The music? Alfred Newman or Johnny Green could have '
              'scored it! A lavish, full-blown symphonic soundtrack, with '
              'ancient and modern folk instruments expertly integrated. A huge '
              'Robert Shaw-ish chorus provides vocal bulwark duty. The music '
              'is properly grand, yet frequently touching and even moving. The '
              'camera-work, in mural-like anamorphic widescreen (probably old '
              'Bausch & Lomb CinemaScope lenses, obtained via Hong Kong) is '
              'marvelously fluid and competent, even stately. Hal Rosson or '
              'Leon Shamroy might have shot it! The art direction, settings '
              '(ostensibly in the mighty Great Hall of the People), and '
              'costumes have all the panache of a Metro or 20th-Fox '
              "production, coming at you in blazing 'People's Color'.Can we "
              'assume that, in the almost total absence of cultural and '
              'commercial exchange at this time between the West and China, '
              "bootleg reels of, say, 'The Goldwyn Follies' or 'The Dolly "
              "Sisters' or 'Invitation to the Dance' were smuggled into "
              'deepest Red China and dissected as far as style and technique '
              'are concerned? In the absence of teachers and colleagues, film '
              'viewing itself is an amazingly effective instructor. If one has '
              'the hardware, the on screen talent, and the cash, certainly the '
              "rest is do-able by example.But it isn't all just showy "
              'technique. The collective performance by the anonymous actors, '
              'dancers and musicians is utterly sincere, totally professional, '
              "and undoubtedly dedicated. It's as if their lives depended on "
              'it(!). Some of the moments of drama brought forth in this '
              'cinematic instrument of persuasion beggar description as far as '
              'epicness is concerned. The exaggerations employed are both '
              'glorious and have a traditionally ancient quality. They are not '
              'so much preposterous when one considers all the extreme '
              'travails that China went through in the first half of the 20th '
              "century. On the other hand, it's really quite hilarious to see "
              'machine gun-toting partisans frolicking in and out of marsh '
              'grass to the bouncy rhythm of a coy song, and the goofball '
              'depictions of the Western-ish slave owners and merchant creeps '
              'are basically pretty silly. But most of the picture is sheer '
              'wonder, and the pace does not let up. One sequence is '
              'particularly inspired: followers of the Chairman grow in '
              'number; they carry torches in the form of neat little '
              "oscillating 'bubble-lamps', which increase exponentially as "
              'they progress across the vast landscape of the painted '
              "backdrop, 'spreading the word', all done with thrilling "
              'stagecraft (and not cinematic) technique.The profoundly serious '
              "pronouncements by the on screen 'narrators', which usher us "
              "from scene to scene, look like something out of 'The Ten "
              "Commandments' (1956), what with the stylized lighting and "
              'portentous tone in which they are done.At the end, the '
              'conductor of the orchestra, who has been herculean in his '
              'efforts to guide this massive entity through its course with '
              'all the confidence of a Bernstein or a Stokowski or a '
              'Toscanini, is able to give one final gesture: a grandiose '
              "rendition of the 'Internationale' to wrap up the show, and "
              "bring down the house.With the knowledge that China's Cultural "
              'Revolution was such a tumultuous and horrific period in which '
              'untold numbers of Chinese suffered and died, it is perhaps '
              "awkward to praise such a propaganda piece such as 'Dongfang'. "
              'For those who know Chinese or, if one is watching a subtitled '
              'version, there is the predictable anti-Western and naturally '
              'pro-Communist rhetoric woven throughout the whole, but the film '
              'is actually quite accurate in the story it tells. Glorifying '
              'the regime of Mao is certainly the imperative. This is '
              'accomplished by sheer epic theatricalism. A touch of Hollywood, '
              'a touch of Peking Opera, and lots of great tunes, tableaux, '
              'acrobatics, and triumphalism accompany the mega-powerful '
              "purpose of this picture: propaganda. Nevertheless, 'Dongfang' "
              "is no 'Triumph of the Will'. It is indeed a 'song and dance "
              "epic', which brings far more fascination and sheer "
              'entertainment qualities with it, rather than the baggage of '
              'uneasy guilt. It is important to remember that this picture was '
              'shot before the Cultural Revolution really got started, and its '
              'message is downright innocent compared to what was to follow. '
              "The only real similarity with 'Triumph' (besides propaganda as "
              "choreographed showbiz) is that the director of 'Dongfang was "
              'also a woman. Ping Wang was respected enough to be given this '
              'prestigious assignment in a climate where certain women, '
              'despite everything else that was going on, attained '
              "opportunities of consequence. Chairman Mao's wife was heavily "
              'involved in motion pictures.The film has a lengthy text '
              'prologue which is accompanied by a much-repeated rendition of '
              "the 'Internationale'.Fans of 'Dongfang' will note that there "
              "exists a companion piece, 'The Long March Melody' (aka: 'The "
              'Red Army - No Afraid of Long March (sic) - Song Series of Long '
              "March (Documentary of Stage Art)', also directed by Ping Wang "
              "(1976). It is a 'song series program re-edited and acted "
              'according to "Song Series of Long March" composed by comrade '
              "Xiao Hua', (and presumably, Ding Shande).",
 'tt0431940': 'A strange Hong Kong movie from 2004, "Where is Mama\'s Boy?" '
              'has a plot involving a long-lost son, a gambling/"entertainment '
              'parlor" and a good amount of poorly-done \'wire-fu\'.Oh yeah, '
              'and songs. Some really bad Cantonese songs are sung repeatedly, '
              'but William Hung (who seems to be the reason why this movie was '
              'made) steals the show with his performance of a song about '
              '"Shaobing", a kind of Chinese pancake.The HK DVD has some '
              'English subtitle problems, which I think contribute to the '
              "confusing plot. I'd recommend avoiding this stinker, but if you "
              'can find it for $19HKD (2.25USD), it might be worth the '
              'purchase, just for the camp value.',
 'tt0434936': "The film had an interesting story, but I'd like to see the "
              'story redone with a better film. It was a good enough story '
              'that the viewer can see what the film maker is trying to '
              "convey, but it definitely had LOTS of room for improvement.I'm "
              'sure budget was a constraint, as it had the obvious feel of a '
              'low budget film. However, some things were just nearly '
              'inexcusable, such as the sound track that seemed to go in and '
              'out at times. The acting itself was often sub-par too.I think '
              "of the film maker continues, she will become better. I'd try "
              'another film of hers again.',
 'tt0437447': 'Good films depict feelings truthfully; with great works of art, '
              "you experience emotions deep within yourself. Zhang Yimou's "
              '"Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles" is not only a '
              'three-hankie movie, it may leave you with a sense of being '
              'changed, of being connected to others in new ways. It is that '
              'powerful, that important a work."Only connect" - E.M. '
              "Forster's imperative for creating ties - is at the heart of "
              "Zhang's new film, but with a twist. Takata, the central "
              'character, is an elderly Japanese, seemingly unconnected to '
              'anyone, a man with a frozen face and heart, long estranged from '
              'his only son, who has now fallen gravely ill. Ken Takakura, one '
              'of the most majestic actors alive (an ideal - perhaps the only '
              '- Lear around), is Takata, his uncommunicative, stony presence '
              'compelling attention and generating a mix of apprehension and '
              "pity.Takata's journey to China's Yunnan province to complete "
              'his son\'s filming of the legendary song "Qian li zou dan qi," '
              'that gave the film its title, is full of twists and turns. '
              "Zhang tells the story with honesty, integrity, and Parsifal's "
              '"wisdom through compassion." In a brilliant stroke, Zhang opens '
              'and closes the film with the same scene - Takata, motionless, '
              'gazing over the confluence of gray sea and sky - but he, along '
              'with the audience, is in a completely different place, the '
              'unchanged exterior masking a person richly transformed by '
              'daring, risk-taking humanity.Zhang, a master of producing a '
              'variety of genres and styles, put everything into this work '
              '(except the wushu grandeur of "Hero" and the upcoming "Curse of '
              'the Golden Flower") - the broad sweep of "Raise the Red '
              'Lantern," the chamber music of "The Road Home," the joyful '
              'melodrama of "Happy Times," and a dozen other works."Riding '
              'Alone" is adventure, psychological drama, a "quest film," '
              'unveiling spectacular vistas and the deep divisions/underlying '
              'connections between individuals and civilizations. And yet, '
              'through all this, "Riding Alone" is all of one piece, a grand '
              'novel in tightly connected (but ever-surprising) chapters, a '
              '19th century literary saga in a 21st century setting.If the '
              'film were presented in a series of silent close-ups of '
              'Takakura, it would be glorious enough, but the bonus is an army '
              'of non-professional actors, in addition to the magnificent '
              "Shinobu Terajima as Takata's daughter-in-law; Qiu Lin as Lingo, "
              'the would-be interpreter; Jiang Wen as Jasmine, the '
              'accomplished translator; Yang Zhenbo as Yang Yang, an amazing '
              'child star in a pivotal role; and Chinese-opera star Li Jiamin '
              "as himself.If you're looking for a detailed story line, you "
              'will not find it here. Why would you deny yourself the pleasure '
              'of being taken along on a superb, heartwarming ride of surprise '
              'and discovery?',
 'tt0438500': 'The director is the legendary Sun Yu, and the film stars Li '
              'Lili and Bai Lu. Li Lili is in her element here as Lin Ying, a '
              'young woman with energy to burn who has come to Shanghai to '
              'study at a sports school. As a child, she was fond of climbing '
              'trees and running around, and has great natural talent. The '
              'focus of the film is clearly on sport, including physical '
              'training, study and competition, though while at the school, '
              'she becomes rather fond of her coach, the brother of a '
              'classmate whom she knew in her childhood, as well as earning '
              'the jealousy of some catty classmates.The film advocates sport '
              'and physical health as important for the whole nation, and '
              'there is also implicit criticism of the effete manners of the '
              'upper-classes in the city. There are also moments of humor that '
              'lighten several scenes, including a Laurel-and-Hardy duo of '
              'grounds-men. An interesting and entertaining example of an '
              'early sports film.',
 'tt0439630': 'Just to set the expectations from this review, I have not read '
              'the Initial D manga, nor watched any of the anime. Therefore '
              "this review's point of view will be from the cinematic "
              'experience, and there will be no comparison on how true it '
              'stays to the manga/anime.Despite all the star power in the '
              'film, from teeny boppers Edison Chen and Shawn Yue, to veterans '
              'Kenny Bee and Anthony Wong, this still remains a Jay Chou '
              'vehicle (pardon the pun). Jay stars as a petrol pump attendant '
              'who by day works at a petrol kiosk, and in the wee hours of the '
              'night, helps his tofu selling dad deliver tofu in an old Toyota '
              'AE86 Sprinter Trueno using a route that traverses along a '
              'winding Mount Akina.Naturally, with his 5 years experience, he '
              'intimately knows the terrain, and gets faster each time, until '
              'a group of street racers set their sights to conquer the '
              "route.There will definitely be comparisons with Hollywood's The "
              'Fast and The Furious series, starring Vin Diesel/Paul Walker. '
              'The similarities are there - the fast cars, the beautiful racer '
              'babes, the rivalry between arrogant drivers. You even get the '
              'same cinematography technique used that starts from the '
              "driver's POV, pulling back to the dashboard, the rear seat, the "
              'boot, and the car from a "helicopter" view.But what sets this '
              'film apart is the way it is delivered. Being based on a comic '
              'book offers some depth to the storyline, and it helped by '
              'staying true to the setting, being based in Japan and not HK. '
              'The races in itself might seem repetitive, as the highlight '
              'seemed to be focused on its title - the "drift" technique, '
              'being used ad-nausem, but having different drivers challenge '
              'each other on the one and only route breaks the monotony as you '
              'root for your favourite to come out tops.Given this is Jay '
              "Chou's debut movie role, it is difficult to critique if his "
              'acting skills are up to mark, as his lead character Takumi '
              'Fujiwara is a nonchalant man of few words. Which is very much '
              'like his persona. His co-stars Edison Chen and Shawn Yue could '
              'very well be their own persons as well. Chapman To, as usual, '
              'brings across the rather light hearted moments, and Anthony '
              "Wong as Chou's dad, a veteran race ace who finds solace in the "
              'bottle and having a penchant for dozing off.Perhaps the only '
              'flaw about the movie was the sappy romance between Jay and his '
              "Japanese co-star. Not that she isn't gorgeous (which is a "
              "saving grace), but their scenes together doesn't further the "
              'plot much, and slows down the pace somewhat of this movie about '
              'the need for speed.This is an enjoyable flick, one in which I '
              'waited for the theme song / tune to be featured (only at the '
              "end credits!). But no, I don't think I will be converted to a "
              'Jay Chou fan boy anytime soon.I suspect that in the upcoming '
              'weeks, we probably might see parallel imports / makes of the '
              'Trueno on our shores to satisfy the racer boy wannabes (heard '
              "Singapore only has 2?), although it probably can't run as fast "
              'as in the movies (movie magic lah). And yeah, the driving with '
              'one hand on the wheel and the other on the face, with the '
              'contemplating look.',
 'tt0439884': 'Feng has traditionally produced a movie each year close to the '
              'new year, but the tone of his movie has grown darker and '
              'sadder. A World without Thieves is another example of this '
              'progression.The story is simple, but the characters have '
              'layers, and the dialog remains classic Feng-style as ever. All '
              'performances are good to great. The villain role is set up '
              'perfectly for Ge You. The production value is the most polished '
              "I've seen from a Feng's film. The camera work, the editing, and "
              'the music score all feel artistic and are mixed together quite '
              'well. As for his previous movie "Cellphone", there are a number '
              'of sad moments in the movie where your heart will be heavy. '
              'Overall, highly recommended. 8 out of 10.',
 'tt0441912': 'That is exactly what in the Treaty of Versailles for China and '
              'its people. Imagine you facing this sort of treaty, would you '
              'sign it for your country and your people? Do you have the gut '
              'to face them when you got back to your country? After winning '
              'the World War I as one of the Allies, China was given an '
              'article in the Treaty of Versailles, stating that the German '
              'concessions in Shandong, China to Japan. Yeah, like a gift, a '
              'piece of cake. Maybe that is what China was then, delicious '
              'pieces of cake to those western countries. And the western '
              'media at that time actually was shocked by the fact that '
              'nation-wide demonstrations and cultural movement were caused by '
              'this "treaty of peace". Maybe, they would never understand that '
              'China is not like Europe. They can have hundreds of tiny '
              'countries in Europe. But there could be only one united country '
              'in the land of China, yeah, you got it right, CHINA. Any power '
              'or individual that attempts to separate it would end up losing '
              'the game.It is true that there is no politics for the weak '
              'countries. That is what the movie is about, to wake people in '
              'the world, how important it is to keep your country strong. '
              "That's why China and Chinese people try their very best to "
              'improve their situation in the world. The fittest survives.',
 'tt0445506': 'When accomplished cinematographers take to direction, they '
              'often make superb films (William Fraker\'s "Monte Walsh", '
              'Nicholas Roeg\'s "Don\'t Look Now" and Govind Nihalani\'s '
              '"Aakrosh") that are often accepted as great movies much later. '
              'In the case of cinematographer-turned-director Changwei Gu, to '
              'be awarded a Silver Bear for his debut as director must have '
              'been nothing short of a dream start into a new '
              'career.Interestingly director Gu, opted to entrust the camera '
              'to Shu Yang and not do the job the world knew him to be '
              'accomplished at. Director Gu, however, opts to act as a lonely, '
              'blind accordion player who commits suicide.I am not Chinese but '
              'this film had me enraptured from start to finish. The film had '
              'superb music by Peng Dou (courtesy Chinese National Symphony '
              'Orchestra), enchanting photography, incredible performances and '
              'a multi-layered story of a close-knit five member family with '
              'family values best appreciated in Asian communities. Though the '
              'film is set in the late Seventies in the years following the '
              'Cultural Revolution, the film is almost devoid of direct '
              "political comments.The film is a common man's epic. The film is "
              'a 144 minute film (originally 4 hours) that was easily the most '
              'rewarding film at the just concluded Dubai Film Festival. It is '
              'a tale of a 5 member family told in three segments by the three '
              'children: a daughter who causes trouble for the family but '
              'emerges from an ugly duckling into a mature and cynical swan; '
              'an elder son who is mentally challenged, physically bloated, '
              'but pure in heart; and a younger son, loving, sensitive and '
              'occasionally worldly wise. The three perspectives of the family '
              'are punctuated by a cardinal shot of the family eating a simple '
              'meal. Like Kurosawa\'s "Rashomon," the three versions offering '
              'different perspectives of the family provide cinematic '
              'entertainment that is demanding of the viewer.The first segment '
              'of the story from the view of the girl is richer than the other '
              'two, primarily due to the rich musical subplot of her '
              'interactions with the blind musician (played by the director). '
              'The segment offers fodder for the impressionable dreamer in all '
              'of us: the power and the glory associated with a parachutist '
              'soldier, the importance of getting married to a loving husband, '
              'and the importance of playing music very well as an escape '
              'route from the daily social drudgery of washing bottles.The '
              'second segment told from the perspective of the mentally '
              'challenged brother looks at society and predictable collective '
              'reactions to simple incidents that are not based on reason or '
              'analysis.The third segment told from the practical younger '
              "brother's view takes another perspective--the best way to "
              'survive in an evolving society that is neither one of a dreamer '
              'or one of submission to mass reaction.The film ends with three '
              'families of the sister and two brothers passing a peacock in a '
              'zoo. They state the peacock never dances in the winter. As they '
              'move on, the peacock does dance. The beauty of life is best '
              'perceived as you move away from the incidents and look at it '
              'from a distance, dispassionately. Melodrama takes a back seat. '
              'In the forefront, the director presents a philosophical, '
              'positive view of life--not in the least limited to the '
              'geographical boundaries of China.I wish more people get to see '
              'this gorgeous family epic from China. It is one of the finest '
              'films of the decade.',
 'tt0445853': "I think it's a wonderful and very poetic movie. It gives a real "
              'feeling on how women in their 30\'s are considered as "faded '
              'flowers"... I\'ve been living in China for some years, and '
              'there are so many things in this movie which are true, very '
              'simple but so true. Details, clothes, street life, rules, '
              'taxis...Pay attention to the landscape, ShangHai, the most '
              'westerner of all the cities of China, as it was the use to call '
              "her in the 30's :) And look at the contrast between the people "
              ': government workers, journalists, hairdressers, vs new '
              'business class. Remember the end of the cultural revolution is '
              'not that far away, not mentioning the massacre some years '
              'after. All of this followed by the big explosion of the private '
              'business market.',
 'tt0446059': "I've always been a fan of Jet Li since his early days, and "
              'frankly his movies and performances in them have been terrible '
              'in the last few years mainly due to his attempts to be a '
              'profitable and a more mainstream actor in the US. As a result, '
              'we were treated to "nice" movies like The One and Cradle to the '
              'Grave. This movie though makes up them. This was truly a gem. '
              'Not only were the action sequences spectacular, and I iterate '
              'spectacular, but the story line and acting as well as screen '
              'play was very tastefully done. Gone were the traditional '
              'comedic side plot, and welcomed was a sense of respect not only '
              'for the Chinese but also for some of the foreign countries that '
              "are often portrayed poorly in the movies. In the end, I can't "
              "help but feel like I've not only seen a great movie but felt "
              'the humanity and pride that the movie released. See it!',
 'tt0446755': 'The Painted Veil has all of the elements a viewer looks for in '
              'a period piece set during the time of British colonial rule. '
              'Beautiful scenery and costumes, a cast of thousands, and enough '
              'background information to make you feel you are more educated '
              'about a time and place than you were before you saw the '
              'movie.What this film offers the fortunate viewer that many '
              'other movies of its kind do not, are lead characters you can '
              'actually empathize with and grow to care about. "Walter" and '
              '"Kitty" are far more likable and worth rooting for than- I '
              "don't know, let's say- Ralph Fiennes and Kristin Scott Thomas "
              "in the English Patient (see? I don't even remember their "
              'characters\' names.) The movie\'s tagline- "Sometimes the '
              'greatest journey is the distance between two people" succinctly '
              'points to the heart of this film, and what makes it work so '
              'well; the journey of a couple who married for the wrong reasons '
              'towards true intimacy with each other.On one level, the plot is '
              'so simple and straightforward that a one line summary gives the '
              'whole story away, and for that reason, I will refrain from '
              'providing that information as much as possible. It is enough to '
              'know that it is the story of The Fanes- Walter, the shy, '
              'bookish bacteriologist, and Kitty, the shallow, haughty young '
              'woman he becomes infatuated in and persuades to marry him. '
              'Walter takes Kitty to Shanghai, where he works in a government '
              'lab. Circumstances lead Walter to re-locate them to a more '
              'remote area of China in the throes of a cholera epidemic. It is '
              'in this setting that the parallel stories unfold; the story of '
              'a doctor and his wife living in the house of a dead '
              "missionary's family as the doctor tries to get control of the "
              'conditions responsible for the epidemic, and the story of the '
              "couple's journey towards re-discovering each other.The "
              'impressive skill that Ms. Watts and Mr. Norton bring to their '
              'work truly makes you believe that that the first challenge- '
              'combating cholera amid colonial unrest and nationalist '
              'hostilities is easier than the task of repairing a damaged '
              'marriage, and with each uneasy glance and every unsaid word, '
              'you feel what these two people feel. And that is the beauty of '
              'The Painted Veil. Fans of Ms. Watts and Mr. Norton will have '
              'reason to rejoice- this is a performance unlike any I have ever '
              'seen Ms. Watts give. There is nothing of what was becoming her '
              'trademark "emotionally fragile woman in shambles" persona on '
              'display here. And what of Edward Norton? Well, after his turn '
              'in The Illusionist earlier in the year and now "Walter Fane," '
              "all I can say is, move over, Ralph Fiennes- there's a new sexy "
              '"repressed, stiff-upper-lipped, sensually simmering under the '
              'surface" leading man in town.The Painted Veil is an '
              'intelligently adapted, well-directed film with two charismatic, '
              'award-worthy lead performances and a strong supporting cast, '
              'including Liev Schreiber, Diana Rigg, and most notably Toby '
              "Jones as the Fanes' neighbor. It is also wonderfully "
              'entertaining, and a good introduction to the period '
              'piece/historical epic genre some viewers have been avoiding due '
              'to fear of suffocation.',
 'tt0450044': '"Fate is fate whether or not it binds you to another person. '
              'Likewise, Love is love whether or not it binds you to another '
              'person."According to China.Org.Cn, "This heart-wrenching film, '
              'The Foliage, is to date, the most touching love story to hit '
              'the Chinese box office." While this movie is not bad, the above '
              'description is grossly exaggerated. The Foliage is a decent '
              'recount of life when young Chinese intellectuals were required '
              'to move to the countryside for re-education. Shu Qi aficionados '
              'and those who can identify with pre-commercialized Mainland '
              'China will probably discover the most fondness here.This movie '
              'offers a thought-provoking take on fate. It reinforces the '
              'notion that we are all connected in a big web, and Anyone has '
              "the power to alter his/her life or someone else's life, whether "
              'intentional or not. To make this point unmistakable, the '
              'filmmaker concludes the film with the tip of an iceberg to an '
              'ALTERNATIVE fate of the story, caused by a slight difference in '
              "one character's action. Who can say what the outcome of the "
              'story will be in this alternative fate?As a side note, the '
              "story takes place in south China's Yunnan province, and the "
              'entire cast seems to speak either the local dialect or the '
              'Beijing-accent Mandarin, except for our lead actress Shu Qi. '
              'Coming from Taiwan, her Mandarin has an unmistakable Taiwanese '
              'flavor, and the film does not try to disguise her accent or '
              'explain why it is out of place with the rest of the characters.',
 'tt0450099': 'In essence, "A Time to Love" (its English Title) is a typical '
              'love story with many theme elements that have been seen before, '
              "nothing ground breaking. Having said that, it's nicely written "
              "and it doesn't get sappy or too clichéd as in the case in many "
              'love stories of late. It is also interesting to note how well '
              "Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet is integrated. Instead of simply "
              "copying that play's plot, it was a vital player in the lead "
              'characters lives. Acting talent is very good, including lead '
              'actress, Vicki Zhao, who showed a range of emotions well. The '
              "plot flowed well, it doesn't get dragging. All in all, if you "
              "like a nice little love story that is well written, and don't "
              'mind that it\'s not revolutionary, "A Time to Love" is worth a '
              'look.',
 'tt0453223': 'If you are into Taekwondo as a sport then this is an ok movie '
              "for you, however this movie is not focused on the sport, it's "
              'focused more on the characters and their friendship between.Two '
              'friends Liu Li and Yang Hui has trained in Martial art since '
              'childhood, they found love for Taekwondo as adults and getting '
              'ready for the Olympic Games. But their new Trainer Han Bing is '
              'too brutal in the training which makes Liu Li question her '
              'dream of being the best, and it get worse when her friend Yang '
              'Hui injured her foot so badly that she may not compete in the '
              'Olympic, what shall they do?The development of characters is '
              'strong in this movie, the two girls feels like close friends '
              'and the actor who play the role Han Bing feels realistic, at '
              'first he seems like brutal guy but when one of his students get '
              'hurt he shows emotion and even guilt of his methods, the acting '
              'makes this movie great. And the cinematography is spot on as '
              'used with celluloid camera (that sadly ended with digital in '
              '2004) is amazing to look at, and the icing on the cake is they '
              'actually filmed the final scene in the Olympic Games in Sidney '
              'Australia 2000.',
 'tt0453323': '"A West Lake Moment" is the English title used in the Hong Kong '
              "International Film Festival screening of director Yim Ho's most "
              'recent work. There are 36 lakes with the name of "West Lake", '
              'according to a tourist guide who was showing us one of these '
              'lakes in the vicinity of Leizhou, Guangdong a few years ago. '
              'Everybody knew though that there is only one West Lake that '
              'carries a couple of thousand years of history and romance \x96 '
              "THE West Lake in Hangzhou. To a large extent, director Yim's "
              'latest movie is a tribute to this legendary place, as the title '
              'suggests.Taking a 180 degree about turn from his earlier '
              'languid and sometimes somber work such as Sishui liunian and '
              'Tianguo niezi, director Yim shot a marshmallow of a movie, '
              'sweet, soft, fluffy and ultimately forgettable.In a '
              'post-screening Q&A session, director Yim acknowledged the '
              'observation made by an audience, that the movie reflects quite '
              'well the young "petit bourgeois" in China today, how they '
              'dress, how they talk, how they live. The story surrounds the '
              'character played by Zhou Xun, a young women running a teahouse '
              '(the "Yuan Yang Hu Die") left by her parents and her '
              'relationship with two young men. Despite the lively and '
              "pleasing style of story telling, the romance doesn't exactly "
              "leave you pining, mainly because of the guy's inadequacy (in a "
              'general sense). The other relationship oozes political '
              'correctness with its generous dose of environmental awareness '
              "and here, the guy is played by director Yim's son, a talented "
              'young man responsible for all the original score in the '
              'movie.For Zhou Xun fans, this movie is a must-see.',
 'tt0453795': 'Liu Jiayin\'s debut "Niu Pi" aka "Oxhide" is an impressive '
              'exercise in minimum and low budget film-making. The young girl '
              'made this docu-drama completely on her own, writing, directing '
              "and starring in the film. Liu's real life parents and pet cat "
              'plays themselves in the film. Set in a tiny cramped apartment '
              'in Beijing. And the film is composed of 23 static interior '
              "shots. No, it's not a typo, it really only has 23 shots (the "
              'longest shot lasting nearly 20 minutes), and the camera never '
              'moves. Master filmmaker Tsai Ming-Liang being the clear '
              "influence here. Anyone familiar with Tsai's films would know "
              'that patience and an open-mind are vital to truly appreciate '
              'his films. The same applies to "Oxhide". I\'m sorry to say, '
              'half the audience I saw this film with, did not have those '
              'things. The theatre became half full/empty before the half way '
              'point was even reached. What were they expecting? Did they not '
              'read the festival guide? It clearly states: "only 23 shots\x85'
              ' 110 minutes\x85'
              'tiny apartment", doesn\'t take a genius to work out this is not '
              '"The Fast and The Furious". Anyway, oh boy, did they miss '
              'out.The film is a rich blend of life and fiction about the '
              "importance of family bond, it's a moving social commentary on "
              'the economic hardship faced by the lower-class Beijing families '
              "to get through each day. It's also a film that has been "
              "executed in exquisite style, whether it's the use of awkward "
              'framing creating a sense of claustrophobia in the tiny '
              'apartment or the magical use of natural lighting. Not to '
              'mention the fantastic acting by these non-professionals and the '
              'hilarious dialogue (unfortunately some of the humour will be '
              'lost in translation for the non-Mandarin speakers). Definitely '
              "not everyone's cup of tea, but for those open to something "
              'completely differently, this is a must watch. I was lucky '
              'enough to see at the local film festival, and I can only hope '
              'that this unknown little gem will get a DVD release in the near '
              'future.',
 'tt0454914': 'Rather than calling "Perhaps love" a musical, it is better to '
              'call it a love story with musical elements. As far as that '
              'goes, the song and dance sequences are satisfying, although not '
              "elating.Like many that came before it (including Truffaut's "
              '"Day for night"), "Perhaps Love" is structured as a movie about '
              'making a movie. It manipulates the situation to its fullest by '
              'having the story in the movie that is being made replicate '
              'almost exactly the story of the people making it \x96 the '
              'director, male and female leads, in an all-too-familiar '
              'perpetual triangle. Crisp cutting traversing the three '
              'dimensions \x96 the making of the movie (the present), '
              'flashbacks (the past) and the story within the movie being made '
              '(the allegory) \x96 creates a fascinating kaleidoscope of '
              'lavish beauty from which emotions flare.Kaneshiro Takeshi and '
              'Zhou Xun, playing two top stars that shared a past that one '
              'tries to forget with icy resolution while the other clings on '
              'to with fiery desperation, work together splendidly to bring '
              'life to an often-told tale. Jacky Cheung cuts quite a powerful '
              '"Phantom" figure playing the director who brought the actress '
              'to fame and fortune. Ji Jin-hee is comfortable in a role of the '
              'muse in Tales of Hoffman, but appearing in many guises.The use '
              'of the trapeze in the grand finale is a clever move, bringing '
              'to mind quite a few classic movies with the circus as '
              'background. The mellowed ending lifts this movie one notch '
              'above conventional romance melodramas, sending the audience '
              "away with reflections on the protagonists' as well as their own "
              'fleeting passage through life.',
 'tt0456658': 'In good company such as "Broken Flowers" which won the "Grand '
              'prix" at Cannes this year, "Shanghai dreams" brought home the '
              '"Prix du jury" which it well deserves. The movie has little to '
              'do with Shanghai except as a backdrop. The story takes place in '
              "Guiyang in the province of Guizhou in the '80s.The centre "
              'character of the movie, Qinghong (the Chinese title of the '
              'movie), is a bright, sensitive and sensible teenage girl who '
              'moved with her family from modernised coastal Shanghai to the '
              'more backwards interior 10 year ago. Her father was initially '
              'happy to be a worker participating in the strategic scheme to '
              'form a "third line of defence" in the event of war against the '
              'Soviet Union, but soon started to blame her mother for '
              'persuading him into this folly. He became bitterer every day as '
              'Shanghai prospered and longed to return at the first available '
              'opportunity which, unfortunately, seemed elusive.This '
              'historical background adds another dimension to the familiar '
              'and universal story of general gap and family strife. Added to '
              'this is social and class conflict, when Qinghong develops a '
              'romantic attachment to a young local factory worker. There are '
              'also subplots that give the audience insightful glimpses, '
              'through various well-depicted character, into the life of the '
              'industrial-rural community.The movie starts at a '
              'characteristically slow pace, but picks up momentum towards the '
              'end with a tinge of a suspense thriller (just a tinge though). '
              'It has a solid ensemble cast, mesmerising photography of the '
              'bleak but character-rich landscape and great direction. '
              'Thoughtful attention to details is very evident in, for '
              'example, some of the simple scene of family dinner. There are '
              'also crisp montages (particularly towards the end) that tell '
              'the story in a remarkably efficient and interesting '
              'way."Shanghai dreams" is one of those movies that starts '
              'feeling a bit slow but gets more and more engrossing once you '
              'get into it. You come out with a feeling that your experience '
              "has been enriched. It's a movie that you would want to talk "
              'about afterwards.',
 'tt0456911': 'The open of the scenario is like "pulling apart and destroying" '
              'something. The method to tell the story resembles speaking '
              'beneath a pool of muddy water, cloudy but exquisite. It should '
              'be noticed that the background is set as a damp and foggy town '
              'in south China. The relationship between men and women depends '
              'on the environment described in this movie. It is a real scene '
              'and reflects the cultural model of old China, i.e. law of the '
              'jungle, extremes of fortune ... It is a nice cliff-hang movie, '
              'too. Degradation, success, ardor and death of Wu Long catches '
              "audience's attention from start to end. Especially his ardor, "
              'abnormal ardor is inspired by his being extremely '
              'discriminated. Behind ardor and violence, the marble ways of '
              'world reflects.',
 'tt0457472': 'This movie is also known as Life Death Plunder and Stolen '
              'Life.Yan-ni, a young woman raised in Beijing by relatives, '
              'generally sullen and withdrawn. She scarcely knows her parents '
              "and doesn't know why she isn't with them; when they visit "
              "Beijing, she can't bring herself to speak to them.The first "
              "spark of hope enters her life when she's offered a university "
              'place, but (as she informs us voice-over) her ruination begins '
              'the day she moves into the college dorm. She meets Muyu (Wu '
              'Jun), who drives a delivery truck and is the first person ever '
              'to take a shine to her. University students are considered '
              'prestigious and have a bright future. He is a lowly driver and '
              "a peasant (in his words). Before long, they're dating. Then she "
              'gets pregnant, drops out of college and moves into a dingy room '
              'in Beijing\'s "underground city" with her lover \xad who, she '
              'belatedly learns, has never been quite honest with her.',
 'tt0459399': "Great looking but a bit too clinical story of China's quest for "
              'an atomic bomb. The story of how China managed to get their own '
              'nuclear bomb is told in such away as to ring a great deal of '
              'emotion out of it.The film is clearly meant to be propaganda of '
              'both the "aren\'t we great" sort as well as a justification for '
              'China proceeding onward in order to gain some respect and '
              'prestige in the world and the attitudes often get in the way of '
              'any real emotions. The equating of bombs and respect in the '
              'world is a frightening idea especially considering the '
              'situation in the world as I write this (ie. Iran and North '
              "Korea pushing to make bombs and missiles).This one doesn't look "
              "like any Chinese film I've ever seen and is very Western in "
              'style and structure. Its an absolutely beautiful movie to look '
              'at with the desert vistas looking perhaps a bit too perfect to '
              'have really looked like that. Unfortunately the film often bogs '
              'down as the pretty vistas become backgrounds in which '
              '"discussions" occur. I enjoyed what I saw but after a while I '
              "craved something with more action.This isn't to say this is a "
              'bad movie, its not. There is an interesting story here, its '
              'just not been invested with a great deal of real emotion. Worth '
              'seeing if you want to see how the Chinese came to make their '
              'bomb, or if you want a good (though far from great) Chinese '
              "movie that doesn't involve action or scary monsters.",
 'tt0461539': "'Pirated Copy' - good name for a Chinese film, is it not? I "
              'must confess that the title alone initially attracted me, long '
              'before I discovered that the director was He Jianjun, who also '
              "directed the muted, though enjoyable, 'Butterfly Smile', and "
              "the eerie 'Postman'.DVD and video piracy is certainly a hot "
              'topic, offering many possible angles of attack: the economic '
              'approach, highlighting copyright infringement and loss of '
              'revenue, as well as the economics of bootlegging itself. There '
              'is a political angle of government censorship, as well as the '
              "issue of what is 'art' and what is pornography, and who has the "
              'right to judge. Then there is a sociological angle, the role '
              'that bootlegging plays in society, the needs it meets, the '
              'desires it expresses, its causes, and the dynamics of the '
              'subculture in general.These are all possible matters for '
              'consideration suggested by such a title, and this film does '
              'raise some of these issues, though in a manner that is a bit of '
              'a mixed bag. The main point which really stood against greater '
              'enjoyment was the odd mixture of documentary style (as in the '
              'many police-chases of bootleg-DVD sellers recorded on hand-held '
              'cameras), which did not sit well with the scripted sections of '
              'the film. These follow various personages as they pursue their '
              'particular cinematic tastes, and are in turn affected by what '
              'they view. There is, for example a teacher interested in the '
              'open sexuality of Almodovar, and a prostitute looking for '
              "romance rather than sex. Another couple, inspired by 'Pulp "
              "Fiction', decide to become criminals, in a facile section that "
              'could almost have been scripted by a conservative '
              'pro-censorship lobby group. The acting in these sections also '
              'varied from quite good to the below par, and the dialogue also '
              'varied from natural to contrived.Further, filmed on what seems '
              'to be a digital camera, the images seem much crisper and '
              'brighter than I am accustomed to, though as a consequence also '
              "less forgiving and less atmospheric. I couldn't help thinking "
              'after viewing this film how much better it would have looked '
              'had it been filmed in black and white, perhaps with a slightly '
              'grainy film stock. There has been some excellent use of digital '
              "video (such as in Godard's 'In Praise of Love', but it needs "
              'some extra work done to it to really please the eye. This, '
              'however, is my own preference.There were, however, other '
              'positives, which made the film worthwhile. The first was the '
              'suggestion that, in China at least, the attraction of bootlegs '
              'is not merely their price, but that the films available '
              'illegally may have been proscribed by the government, or '
              'perhaps severely edited, so that the pirate-DVD industry is '
              'actually contributing to making more widespread a body of '
              'unofficially available films.The second thing (which surprised '
              'me) was the demand for, and availability of, art-house films. '
              'There certainly seemed to be a better selection available in '
              "China than in this reviewer's (more liberally-governed) home "
              "country. Perhaps the best way to ensure a film's popularity is "
              "to ban it or limit its circulation. Or maybe I just don't know "
              'the right people.Though there were certainly some aspects of '
              'the film I would have done differently, there was enough in the '
              'film to maintain interest, perhaps due more to the subject '
              'matter than the way it was executed. It would have been better '
              'either as a straight documentary or as a regular film (perhaps '
              'in a portmanteau style, or as a set of interlinked stories), '
              'with more attention paid to visual presentation. Still, worth a '
              'watch as an interesting introduction to the bootlegging '
              'subculture in China.',
 'tt0461804': 'This is one of the best ever art films from China (which I '
              'consider one of the two cinema superpowers of the last two '
              'decades together with Iran) and the best film I have seen so '
              'far this summer in Washington.Its story is very sweet and '
              'continuously interesting, the characters are very realistic '
              'acted convincingly by amateurs (they practically play '
              'themselves in a very real way), has very fine humor, has '
              'magnificently photographed Mongolian landscapes, and is '
              'directed flawlessly. It could also be considered very '
              'interesting as a fiction-documentary of the Mongolian country '
              'life and culture displayed in detail.Sets an excellent example '
              'of film-making with an honest heart and endless talent. '
              'Strongly recommended to all non-Hollywood film-goers.',
 'tt0464660': 'The title means "flowery belt bride", denoting a tradition in '
              'the Huayao Yi minority tribe whereby a marriage is not '
              'consummated until three years after the wedding ceremony, '
              'during which time the relationship is recognized in a '
              'embroidered belt that the bride has presented the groom '
              'with.The main theme, however, is not unlike that of "Swing '
              'Girls", the story of a team of young women\'s dream to excel in '
              'a competition, not jazz music here, but a local "dragon dance". '
              'The complication here is that the groom is the coach of the '
              'team, and the bride a key member. There are simple subplots and '
              'supporting characters that are quite formulaic. The beauty is '
              'the honest simplicity in depicting the simple sentiments of '
              'these unsophisticated people. The direction is competently '
              'brisk, the photography cheerfully pleasing, and there are '
              'moments of intelligent humour.Zhang Jingchu who left quite an '
              'impression in playing an introvert, feminine woman in "Seven '
              'Swords", plays here is tom-boyish native girl who suspends '
              'herself bat-fashion from the ceiling whenever she is upset, and '
              'does not as much as blink in accepting a wrestling match '
              'challenge from a brawny guy. One of those adapt actors who can '
              'fit easily into any role, Zhang is among the young rising '
              'Chinese actresses to watch out for.',
 'tt0465676': 'Definitely worth catching on the BIG screen, this is an epic '
              'about court intrigue in the Five Dynasties period, which '
              'follows in part the Hamlet setup of a murderous uncle usurper '
              '(You Ge) and his duplicitous queen (Zhang Ziyi), with an angry '
              'yet distant, brooding prince (Daniel Wu). The details and '
              'setting are different enough so that the new story carries its '
              'own weight and is interesting, however. The acting is strong '
              '(some excellent), the martial arts scenes memorable, and the '
              'sets are fantastic! This is not a fully realistic historical '
              'drama, by the way. Director Xiaogang Feng has crafted a modern '
              'art piece here, highly stylized in some parts, and often gory, '
              "especially the martial arts scenes, so if you can't stomach "
              'people flying and leaping like phoenixes (while disemboweling '
              'each other), skip it. The highly artistic feel of the film is '
              'kept somewhat in check by the gritty, used, and sometimes '
              'decaying feel of the palace, and more so by the tight, sparse '
              'dialog, the drama and the tension of the story. (Although '
              'following in the footsteps of highly stylized films like some '
              "of Zhang Yimou's, the focus returns very firmly to the story in "
              'this one, thankfully.) Similarly, the stunning beauty of parts '
              'of the film is balanced by the unmitigated ambition of the '
              'characters and their other dark flaws. These left the story '
              'with no single, simplified protagonist to cheer for \x96 the '
              'very opposite of Hollywood formula. (The supporting role played '
              "by Xun Zhou might be an exception, but she's the very image of "
              'innocence and purity to a fatal flaw, and you pity her more '
              'than rooting for her.) The raw ambition, incestuous lust, '
              'jealous hate, betrayal and/or impotence darken nearly every '
              'character. While refreshingly different in this sense, it '
              'almost left me reaching for my goblet of hemlock. The Chinese '
              'title Ye Yan should have been translated as The Night Banquet '
              'rather than The Banquet (its English billing where I am), as '
              'the climax occurs at a midnight banquet unwisely set by the '
              'emperor at an inauspicious time, and it would have better '
              'reflected the darkness of the film.Overall, I give it a big '
              'thumbs up.',
 'tt0470084': '"San mao" (3 hairs) was a very popular Chinese comic strip '
              'first published in 1935-37, continued from 1948 into the 1990s, '
              'about a young orphan boy struggling with life in Shanghai.This '
              'movie adaptation sees a lively boy actor in the central role. '
              'His head is quite changed to match the comic book appearance, '
              'with big head, thick nose, and the three strands of hair that '
              'give him his name. At first, this looks bewildering, but one '
              'soon gets used to it, and follows his mixed adventures in dire '
              'poverty, in the pickpocket school, on "Children\'s Day", '
              'especially his "adoption" by a rich family with a big party '
              'that is very well put to scene (and with thrilling music in the '
              'chase scenes). Unforgettable images.The final scene (Communists '
              'parade in the street) seems a little tacked on), but the real '
              'comic had the same situations, which to us appear much less '
              'exciting than the "pre-Liberation" ones. But poor children in '
              'the 1930s might have thought differently...For those interested '
              'in Chinese history and popular culture, this movie is highly '
              'recommended. 9/10.',
 'tt0470302': 'The Road(Fang Xiang Zhi Lu)explores human emotions in the midst '
              'of a shaping political turmoil.A love story from a country that '
              'is struggling for its identity between tradition and modernity: '
              'Ticket girl Li Chunfang (played by Zhang Jingchu) works on a '
              'bus line during the Cultural Revolution. Much older Lao Cui '
              '(played by Wei Fan), widowed and celebrated Bus conductor (Mao '
              'shook his hands once), is secretly in love with her. She, '
              'instead, falls for an intellectual, Dr. Liu, a doctor from '
              'Shanghai she meets on the bus. But this kind of love is '
              'forbidden and one day they get caught and he is sent to a labor '
              'camp. They shall never meet again. But Li never forgets her '
              'love, even though she eventually marries much older bus driver '
              'Cui. She also takes care of him after he has a fatal accident. '
              'But what about the doctor from Shanghai who is trying to get in '
              'contact with her again? Too late she finds out why her husband '
              'went out on that night before the accident\x85'
              ' This is a poetic movie about love in the turmoil of the '
              'Cultural Revolution. It is about inner strength, loyalty and '
              'the tragedy of life. And it is a film about the passing of '
              "time: Li's old bus finally awaits disposal at the museum, "
              'candles turn into neon lights, old sand roads into highways\x85'
              ' The Road is a strong film that spans around five decades and '
              'manages to reflect the changes in the Chinese political times '
              'represented in the lives of the main characters. An epic movie, '
              'beautifully shot and with excellent actors that will touch you '
              'for quite some time!',
 'tt0470385': 'A movie about a life that was most likely not at all similar to '
              'the socialist heroism depicted on the screen. Jiao Yulu, much '
              'like Lei Feng, became a Communist party icon after his death. '
              'According to party pronouncements, he was self-less, always '
              'eager to help other party cadres whether he himself were tired '
              'or ill, and strove unstintingly for the perfect Marxist utopia. '
              'And so goes this unabashed attempt at a Jiao Yulu elegy. In '
              'reality, had he still been alive when this film was produced, '
              'Jiao would have been yet another corrupt, self-seeking cadre '
              "stuffing his pockets with the people's money; the same pursuit "
              'of most Communist party officials in China of that time. If you '
              'subscribe to the possibility of altruism in an unaccountable '
              'leadership, this film may be more to your liking. If your '
              'thinking is clear, this is sheer fantasy.',
 'tt0470386': 'If someone can mix poetic and melodrama it is the Chinese. Even '
              'in the early 2000s the movie feels classic like an 80s movie '
              "but it's so strong and it's a big surprise since in the west "
              'was use dark tune and ev camera quality in the early '
              '2000sHongmei live a cursed life, day after day she stumble '
              'across bad luck. At first she falls inlove with a doctor. But '
              'that love is taken away when she get raped and get pregnant. '
              'She choose to continue and carry the baby which upset the '
              'doctor to leave, will she work alone or will she find another '
              'way.Also how the movie is told is through a dictionary word for '
              "word, it's very poetically done, for instance when the word say "
              'brick the scene goes to when she try to hit her rapist with a '
              "brick. Yes it's a sad movie but poetic done movie and deserves "
              '10/10.',
 'tt0470423': 'Tian Xie and his family run a small shop during the heady days '
              'of the Japanese invasion of China. As Shanghai is attacked, '
              'rumors swirl, and local patriots boycott shops that sell '
              'Japanese goods.... unless they make a donation to court '
              'officers. Tian rackets from bankruptcy to prosperity to being '
              'dragged off on rumors, as customers rush to buy cheap goods, '
              'creditors demand payments, and less canny merchants beg for '
              "goods..... no cash down.It's a chaotic time, and the occupants "
              'of the shop undergo a chaotic mix of emotions in this nice '
              'little satire of pre-communist China. extremely entertaining.',
 'tt0470532': 'Shangxue Lushang aka The Story of Xiao Yan, is one of the best '
              "child film I'v ever seen by far! Far Better than those famous "
              'iranian child movies!! Excellent actors, excellent performance, '
              'excellent cinematograph, edit and soundtrack, all things in '
              "this wonderful film are truly perfect. Trust me, you won't know "
              "how beautiful it is if you didn't see it, come on, if you have "
              "a chance to see it, don't miss, you won't regret. A must-see "
              'for every filmlover!!!Synopsis:On that day the summer vocation '
              'to come, Mr. Wang told all the children that 24.8 Yuan should '
              'be paid to cover the tuition and incidental fee when the new '
              'term begins. In order to continue her school life, Wang Yan had '
              'to earn all the money of 24.8 Yuan by herself in this summer '
              'vacation. Just as the story of making money with an egg, Wang '
              'Yan started her difficult but imaginative process of '
              'accumulating "wealth" beginning with ten eggs. Ten eggs are '
              'changed into 3 Yuan, the original capital of 3 Yuan is '
              'accumulated to be 5 Yuan, then with 2 Yuan to pursue \x85'
              ' The way to realize dream is always so flexural, however, it is '
              'in such a situation that the vitality and willpower of a '
              'countryside girl seems to be so vivid and vigorous. Conquering '
              'so many difficulties, Wang Yan appears on time in school when '
              'the new term begins, in whose hands lies all the fee of 24.8 '
              'Yuan soaked by sweats.',
 'tt0470621': "This film is also known as 'Suffocation'.On the cover of the "
              "DVD, 'Suffocation' is labeled 'The First Chinese Psycho Movie'. "
              'This, for me, conjured up the ideas of Halloween or Friday the '
              "13th and other 'slasher' films. Having the benefit of "
              "hindsight, what I think is meant, is 'psychological' movie, "
              'which it certainly is, with a surrealistic blending of fact and '
              'fantasy which proves very satisfying in how it is all worked '
              'out in the end. Lead actor Ge You plays (as he did in '
              "'Butterfly Smile') a photographer. He is in almost all the "
              'scenes, and it is very much his movie. He is certainly talented '
              'enough to pull it off, though he is also well-supported by the '
              "rest of the cast. I don't wish to give any plot details away, "
              'since putting it all together is part of the fun. The story '
              'itself is presented in sections, arranged non-chronologically '
              'and often with nightmarish visuals. This allows for some quite '
              'innovative camera-work, giving it an expressionistic, almost '
              "'art-house' feel.Overall, a recommended novelty from mainland "
              'Chinese cinema.',
 'tt0470935': '"My Bittersweet Taiwan" is yet another of an endlessly growing '
              'genre of movies - the Chinese family saga, be it from the '
              'mainland, or Taiwan.Basic plot description follows, with mild '
              'spoilers This particular film show the life of Awen, starting '
              'with his birth, in a traditional Chinese family in Taiwan when '
              'it was under Japanese rule. Growing up as a second-class '
              'citizen, with his family subject to intermittent harassment, '
              'Awen still manages to excel in his studies and make his way in '
              'the world, at least until the outbreak of World War II, when '
              'many of the native Taiwanese were forced to fight for the '
              'Japanese overlords. The return of Taiwan to the mainland, '
              'provides new opportunities, but its separation, in the wake of '
              'the nationalist defeat, after only a few years, ensures further '
              'heartache.As you can imagine, there a moments of tenderness and '
              'melodrama, love and heartache, treated in a manner which is '
              'much more accessible to a Western audience than the films of '
              'Hou Hsiao Hsien, for example, and with no mention at all of the '
              'Feb 14 incident, or the KMT invasion either, for that matter. '
              'But these are not great oversights, since it is the story of '
              'one life, lived mostly during the time of the Japanese '
              'occupation, and in that respect, offers an interesting view of '
              'the situation, humane, and not over-politicised. It would have '
              'been nice to hear the Taiwanese speaking Hokkien, rather than '
              'Mandarin, but this is a small point, and I suppose some '
              'concessions had to be made for the intended audience.The acting '
              'is universally good, and there are some lovely landscapes to '
              "admire, and historical details to observe. I'd recommend this "
              "film to anyone interested in Taiwan's earlier history, or this "
              'kind of family saga, with less art-house touches that many '
              'other similar Chinese films.',
 'tt0471945': 'This was the first Chinese animated feature film and I must say '
              'the animation itself is impressive. The use of rotorscoping '
              'added more than it detracted from the movie, and lent a surreal '
              'quality to the atmosphere. The story was handled well enough '
              "that it makes me wish to seek out the picture's source "
              'material, Journey to the West, since the plot here only covers '
              "a fraction of the heroes' adventure.My problem with Princess "
              'Iron Fan is that it feels more like an overlong short subject '
              'rather than a feature. While the slapstick routines are '
              'charming at first, they go on for much too long, making the '
              'eighty minute running time feel like an eternity. This one is '
              'more for animation geeks and fans of Chinese cinema than '
              'anybody else.',
 'tt0472622': "Don't let the theme turn you off , this film needs to be "
              're-evaluated and remastered. I reckon the best way to introduce '
              'this epic to a Western audience is in a double bill with '
              'Triumph Of The Will. Although quite different in style there '
              'are plenty of thematic similarities , though I do prefer the '
              'eye popping Technicolor of Red Detachment to the grim paganism '
              'of Triumph.\n'
              "I would recommend Red Detachment to those who like 60's "
              'eurocinema. The starting scenes of the movie reminded me of a '
              'Mario Bava film.\n'
              'Definitely the film is ripe for rediscovery.',
 'tt0473444': 'I am not sure what some of the critics and spoilers of the '
              'COTGF story were expecting... I agree with the comparisons of '
              'Shakespearan tragedies and royal family intrigues, and the '
              'reference to dysfunctional families and meltdowns. Actually, I '
              'was thinking a lot about the Lion in Winter transported in a '
              'Chinese setting. In the English drama, the King simply has the '
              'Queen imprisoned for her political rebellion. In this movie, '
              'the Emperor decides to slowly poison the Empress because of her '
              'affair with his oldest son. Both lead characters have their '
              'reasons for sticking to their planned course of action. Also, I '
              'was reminded about the Borgias and some of the other Italian, '
              'French and Greek royal dramas when emotions get totally out of '
              'hand. Why do some viewers say that emotions are over the top or '
              'that the females are too scantily clad? This movie shows that '
              'Chinese characters can have very powerful human emotions: '
              'sexual attraction,lust, filial love, greed, ambition... just '
              'like any other people in the world.And yes, the Chinese '
              'Imperial Palace is displayed on an extravagantly grand scale '
              'just because it is possible to do it only in China! China has '
              'more people than any other country and can afford the larger '
              'than life scenes in opulent settings.The Emperor is at first '
              'shown as a kind father who wants to maintain a harmonious '
              'balance of family and state. Ultimately, we find out that he is '
              "a hypocritical megalomaniac who obliterated his first wife's "
              'family in his bid to become Emperor and will not allow anyone '
              'to cross his will in his kingdom. Interestingly, even for a '
              'blood thirsty dictator, he has his soft spot, and that is his '
              'love for his first born son, who means well but appears rather '
              'weak of morals.The acting is very powerful: the epitome of '
              'Chinese acting is in the facial expressions within a restrained '
              'and mechanical setting (see Chinese opera) and both Gong Li and '
              'Cho Yung Fat do a great job in their roles. Watch the eyes and '
              'the hands... The occasional outbursts of real emotion when the '
              'character is pushed beyond its limits: see the Empress when she '
              'occasionally cannot help herself and tries to seduce the Crown '
              'Prince as a woman; see the Emperor when he toys with the '
              'Empress and shows her his kindness in prescribing herbal '
              'potions and her defiant reply makes him toss his arm in '
              'frustration; the final eruption of the despot when the youngest '
              'prince dares to rear up with hate...I wonder if any '
              'dysfunctional family that lives with a totally controlling '
              'father and experiences his insane fits of punishment can relate '
              'with the control and violence shown at the end. He tolerates '
              'the Empress because she is a princess and very decorative and '
              'the mother of his 2 younger sons, and he even tolerated '
              'silently her affair for a while, but he will not tolerate her '
              'efforts to usurp him publicly. I can predict that the Empress '
              'will die a slow and humiliating death unless she finds a way to '
              'kill herself first.What I picked up very clearly is the subtle '
              'form of psychological cruelty that underlies the Chinese '
              'concept of revenge. Many long-standing cultures understand this '
              'form of torture very well which goes above and beyond killing a '
              'person. Think about the movie Jean De La Florette where the '
              'protagonist is slowly killed by the grinding labor of finding '
              'non-existing water. It is the slowly grinding down of a '
              "person's will through day-in and day-out abuse. See the daily "
              'poisoning of the Empress under the guise of caring for her '
              'health. See the impossible ending offer to the rebellious '
              'prince to choose between killing his own mother with regular '
              "offering of the herbal potion versus death under his father's "
              'hand - the prince decides to end his life to get out of this '
              'insane set of situation. He actually succeeds in comparison to '
              'the eldest prince who tries suicide the previous evening and '
              'fails to slice his own throat.Yes, the Emperor is ultimately an '
              'evil man because he sacrifices all that he loves for his '
              'political ambition to be the boss, but he has his human '
              'dimensions: he is attracted as a man to the 2 women he loves '
              'most in his life, as seen in their rare intimate moments '
              'together and he loves the first son unconditionally... '
              'Personally, I think that the characters are very well developed '
              'because they are complex, obsessed and quite multi-dimensional '
              'in their basic human drives. They make sense within the '
              'constraints in which they are cast.',
 'tt0477719': 'This film played on a public access channel in New York a few '
              'days ago, so I watched it. I had never heard of it, but the '
              'show, City Cinematheque, shows movies from around the world. '
              'This films spans the period of 1983 to 1993 in a provincial '
              'town in China and it stars the wonderful Yi Liu as Yun. In '
              '1983, Yun gets pregnant while still in school, causing a '
              'scandal. She gives birth but is told the baby was dead. Ten '
              'years later and Yun is an opera singer for the locals, having '
              'an affair with a married man. You meet Xiao Wong, a 10 year old '
              'boy who comes in contact with her. At first annoying her (her '
              'nickname for him is "Little Bastard"), you soon see a '
              'connection between them. What makes this slow moving, dark film '
              'stand out is the authenticity of it. China was going through a '
              'post Mao period, but from 1983 to 1993 has much changed in the '
              'villages? Special mention again of the amazing Yi Liu in the '
              "lead role, but the film will grab you by its honesty. You won't "
              "laugh, you may cry, but I don't think you'll forget it.",
 'tt0477890': 'Soap opera avant-la-lettre? Hmm.. Lifestyles of the (lesser) '
              "Rich and Famous? In a way.. Half-way screwball comedy? I don't "
              'find a perfectly fitting label for this quite entertaining '
              "film.It's about two families in Shanghai after 1945, but (of "
              'course) before "liberation" in 1949, presided by father in one, '
              'and mother in the other, cross-joined by one married couple, '
              'while their siblings plan to marry too.So we get shown quite '
              'some views of bourgeois life - lying, cheating, adultering, '
              'embezzling, founding a company and bankrupting it, divorce, '
              'etc. The dialogs are sometimes vitriolic, yet fun for their '
              'outspokenness. I liked the scene best when the cheated wife '
              'settles accounts with the mistress - that exposed a strong '
              'acting energy.In general, an enjoyable society study from a '
              'short pre-"liberation" peace period, which ends like a romantic '
              'comedy. Not much action, but fun because of the dialogs. 7/10.',
 'tt0477927': 'Introduced in the Toronto International Film Festival last '
              'September as "a milestone for women in the new Chinese cinema", '
              '"Perpetual motion" now comes to the Hong Kong and San Francisco '
              'international film festivals, back to back, in April 2006. '
              'Director Ning Ying was on hand for a post-show Q&A session in a '
              'HKIFF screening I attended, and was enthusiastically '
              'received.Covering a time span of about 24 hours, the movie '
              'shows how 4 women spend Lunar New Year Eve in a plush Beijing '
              'mansion. The host organises the party with a hidden agenda of '
              'trying to find out which of her three good friends has been '
              'sleeping with her husband. Through various activities of the '
              'women (dining, mah-jong, chatting, TV-gazing) the audience is '
              'taken on a tour (de force or not is up to your own judgement) '
              'of varying moods from hilarious, to titillating, to pensive '
              '\x96 sometime frivolous, sometimes serious. Watching the movie, '
              'I at times had a feeling of deja vu, perhaps connecting '
              "subconsciously to some stage plays I've seen before. Come to "
              "think of it, I wouldn't mind watching a stage version of "
              '"Perpetual motion".Only one of the 4 protagonists, Li Qinqin, '
              'is a professional actor, while the other three excel in their '
              'respective fields, and their real life personas have been '
              'pretty well adopted for the characters in the movie. Huang '
              'Hung, for example, who plays the host Niuniu, is a successful '
              'magazine publisher and a radio co-host. Liu Sola (playing '
              '"Lala") is a musician as well as a writer. She trained as a '
              'classical pianist, turned to leather-clad rock, but released '
              "her first album in R&B. In addition, Huang's real life mother "
              "Zhang Hanzi, one-time Mao's English interpreter, takes on the "
              'role of the old family cook.Whether this movie is entertaining '
              'depends on your point of view. I would venture to suggest that '
              'those who like the live theatre are more likely to enjoy it '
              "than those who don't. That it is distinctly experimental, "
              'sometimes surreal and often thought provoking is generally '
              'recognised. To those who find the movie mystifying, director '
              'Ning explained in the Q&A session that there is no fixed theme '
              'and different people may have different interpretations. To '
              'some of the "why" questions, she simply answered "Why not?" She '
              'did explain in more concrete terms that the title "Perpetual '
              'motion" is in the context of classical music (as opposed to '
              'physics, for example), signifying the rapid succession of '
              'discussions surrounding various topics \x96 sex, politics, East '
              "and West, the protagonists' haunting past etc.Anyone interested "
              'in the up-to-date cinema and cultural scene in China should not '
              'miss this movie.',
 'tt0477928': 'I watched this movie because I really enjoyed the lead actress, '
              'Lingyu Ruan, in an earlier film called The Goddess. It is a '
              'very late silent film, which I guess would be due to the '
              'distribution issues involved with releasing a talkie in a '
              'country where so many different dialects are spoken. Oddly '
              'enough though, the version I watched actually did have an audio '
              'track, with not only music and sound effects, but dubbed over '
              "intertitles as well. Anyway, Lingyu Ruan's acting was once "
              'again really outstanding and I thought that this was overall a '
              'better film than The Goddess. It tells the story of Wei Ming, a '
              'feminist intellectual trying to make an independent living in a '
              'nearly completely male chauvinistic society. She has one '
              'enlightened male friend who is trying to help her get her book '
              'published, but she is surrounded by misogynistic men who only '
              'want to use and degrade her. Once her daughter falls ill with '
              "leukemia things go from bad to worse, and though I don't want "
              'to completely spoil the ending, it is not a happy one at all. '
              'The relevance of that this film had at the time is reflected in '
              "how grimly foreboding it was of the lead actress' own fate. "
              'Going into acting was one of the few ways women could make an '
              'independent living during this time, sadly Ruan and quite a few '
              'actresses would end up just like Wei Ming.',
 'tt0482051': "I haven't seen any work of this director before, yet I find "
              'this film rather great.The story was about a traditional Yu '
              'Opera troupe found itself difficult to live in a modern world, '
              'and tried hard to find its way out in all the materialised '
              'lures.The issue in this film is quite common in contemporary '
              'China. The Yu Opera is also commonly sung in my hometown, yet '
              'only people from the old generations are found to sing it. The '
              'twenty somethings are hardy drawn any interests by it, the '
              "younger kids don't even know its existence.It's such a sweet "
              'film. The people are facing difficulties and struggle to make a '
              'better living. However, their strength and stamina made me '
              'deeply touched. Mixing humour with bitterness is such a '
              'effective way of expressing the mood of both nostalgia and '
              "longing.It's a perfect Hollywood happy ending (since the "
              'director gained his film study degree in the US), but the '
              'storytelling made me feel more engaged with it than Hollywood '
              'blockbusters. China need more filmmakers like this: Small '
              'Budget, Big Story.',
 'tt0483468': "This film is about Xi'er, played by Tian Hua in her first role "
              '(pretty cool fact: She is in a movie this year, 62 years '
              "later!). Xi'er is a daughter of a farmer, and she falls in love "
              "with Dachun. Xi'er's father is a tenant farmer and when he "
              "cannot repay the debt (by unfair means), Xi'er is given to the "
              "landlord as an indentured servant. Xi'er's father dies and "
              "Dachun joins the Red Army. Xi'er looks to escape to escape this "
              "fate and escape the landlord's home, where she toils rather to "
              'the point of exhaustion. Two questions are answered in the film '
              "which cannot be answered here: The first is: Does Xi'er re-meet "
              'Dachun? and What is the significance of the White Hair Girl? '
              'The film is not by any means perfect and my copy was not very '
              'well restored, but the universal themes of young love, good vs '
              'evil and perseverance of the will are all here. Its been '
              're-made, this appears to be the black and white original. It '
              'was watchable, and has the air of a folktale, which made it '
              'pretty appealing.',
 'tt0483957': 'This is not one of the best Andy Lau movie, (in my opinion, '
              'Running out of time was the best one) but this is absolutely '
              'the best Andy Lau acting, or acting, you have ever seen. I '
              "don't think anyone in the world has the same skill of act like "
              "Andy. He is just a genius, there's no word for descriping his "
              'act in this movie, you just have to see it for yourself. I dare '
              'to say that this movie would have been "average" or "below '
              'average" because the story is just "boring" actually, but now, '
              "there's something special.The movie it self deserves a 7, but "
              "i'm giving it a 10, just because of Andy Lau.",
 'tt0484051': "I really didn't have a good idea what this film was about "
              'before I viewed it. A Polish-directed/written film set in China '
              'with basically an entirely Chinese cast? A bit foreign for me '
              '(being from the US), to say the least.Starting out with the '
              'main character Wolski escaping from Russian Siberia into China, '
              'you watch as he is taken in by a poor Chinese family consisting '
              'of Guo, his wife, and their daughter Song. So far, so '
              'good.However, one night Song gets up from the dinner table and '
              'takes some food to Wolski. As soon as she sits down on his bed '
              'Guo comes in and knocks the food right out of her hand. From '
              'this moment on, Song is never the same, and you will see why.My '
              'main complaint of this movie is that it is slow and lacks '
              'focus/direction in the early (after the first 9min) to middle '
              'parts. It is a bit slow but luckily it picks up in the last '
              'third.One thing this movie does well is subtlety. Maybe this is '
              'a trait of foreign films in general? I am not sure because I '
              "haven't seen enough. My recommendation is if you're a fan of or "
              'interested in foreign films and enjoy short but sincere '
              'romances, then give this film a shot.Otherwise, it might not be '
              'for you. I think I got something out of it, and for an '
              'otherwise stoic personality like myself, it definitely touched '
              'me.',
 'tt0485441': 'Sunday May 24, 1.30pm, The EgyptianA wealthy artist (Yan Jin) '
              'travelling the countryside is smitten with an impudent girl '
              '(Wang Renmei) and lingers in her village to paint. He returns '
              'to the city with her, where they find hardship.Influential '
              'director, screenwriter Sun Yu introduced Chinese cinema to the '
              'crane shot in Wild Rose (Ye mei gui), a film credited with '
              'raising production standards throughout the industry. The '
              'energetic title character was intended to symbolize Chinese '
              'defiance against invading Japanese Imperialist forces of the '
              'time.The crane work is indeed impressive, as is the general use '
              'of tracking shots and lighting. One scene in particular caught '
              'my attention toward the end of the film. As she struggles with '
              "extreme adversity, Wang Renwei's character musters her courage "
              'while tears stream down her face. The close-up shot displays '
              'lighting and photographic effects, as well as a great '
              'performance, that rivals anything produced by Hollywood during '
              'the silent-era.',
 'tt0485442': 'The studio was evidently making the film with a western '
              'audience in mind. The story was from a western source '
              '(Maupassant) and it had a European feel. Interestingly, when a '
              'letter in Chinese is shown to the camera, it even fades into an '
              'English translation.The actors were well chosen, and it was '
              'easy to distinguish between them (helped by cards introducing '
              'each major character).As for scenery, there were attractive '
              'interiors of houses shown (the middle classes seemed to be '
              'doing pretty well then), a motor car or two and rickshaws. '
              'There were some interesting technical touches in it (night '
              'shots filmed in bright light, which became dark when a '
              'cigarette was being lit, or a torch was being shone), a fairly '
              'mobile camera in some places, and even a little section of '
              'stop-motion animation. The print was pretty good - not '
              'immaculate, but complete and quite watchable. No soundtrack at '
              'all though, which seems fairly standard practice for these '
              'films.The plot is a moral fable, about the consequences of '
              "desiring beyond one's means, and is a little preachy by modern "
              'standards, but comparable to American films of the '
              'period.Recommended.',
 'tt0485863': "It's not everyday that a seemingly generic movie serves up "
              'surprises of the immense strength seen here. Although the word '
              'immense may carry subjective undertones to each and every movie '
              'watcher, getting a powerful anti-war and humanist message '
              'thrown into the mix can never be a bad thing. And while '
              'certainly not ground breaking in any shape or form and riddled '
              'with shocking oversights totally out place in a professional '
              'production, A Battle of Wits (ABOW) makes good on its promise '
              'in a manner sadly absent from many a supposedly superior '
              "project.Once more we're subjected to the oft reused premise of "
              'second century China where the seven kingdoms are in an '
              'Orwelian state of perpetual war, a condition ABOW at least '
              'delivers in a more historically-authoritative fashion. None of '
              'that make-believe fictional nonsense suffices, we get names and '
              'places that nominally come straight from the history books. At '
              'the core of proceedings lies city-state Liang, besieged by the '
              "vastly more numerous armies of Zhao. Liang's rather uncaring "
              'ruler (Wang Zhiwen who was also in Together) summons for help '
              'from legendary warrior-tactician clan Mozi, but only one man '
              'turns up: the lone, enigmatic negotiator-style wanderer Ge Li, '
              'constantly referred to in the film as Mr. Ge Li for a more '
              'meaningful reason than ostensibly presented.Done by Andy Lau in '
              'a somewhat low-profile role for the superstar, Ge Li brings to '
              'the fore the usual unwilling class and prime values so '
              'essential in a valiant protagonist. The catch here is that for '
              "all his conquering charm and military prowess, Ge Li doesn't "
              'believe in violence and espouses universal love. He also never '
              'really hurts anyone on screen, and manages great victories with '
              'the least carnage possible, accepting the necessity of violence '
              "with the utmost pain.Ge Li gathers Liang's resources as the "
              'city becomes encircled by the more traditionally-militant Zhao '
              "forces. There's quite a few skirmishes and battles with the "
              'movie pacing itself nicely, alternating between philosophical '
              'ponderings and action as needed. The antagonists are marshalled '
              'by General Xiang Yan Zhong, played by excellent Ahn Sung-kee, '
              'who provides a link between ABOW and one of its main '
              'inspirations, Musa, where Ahn did the skilled Korean archer '
              'Jin.Another element thrown in for good measure revolves around '
              'the fledgling love affair between Ge Li and cavalry captain Yi '
              'Yue (Fan Bingbing). However, do not worry about getting this '
              "epic spoiled by saccharine distractions. ABOW doesn't hold back "
              'the tragic contingent, with one heart-wrenching calamity close '
              'on the heels of its predecessor. Sooner or later, a sobering '
              'reminder yanks events back to the harsh light of reality, no '
              'matter how promisingly ideal.Throughout the respectable running '
              'time available, maneuvering and scheming supplement ferocious '
              'combat, but none of it comes across gratuitous. While you sit '
              'there enjoying the clever writing and constant surprises, the '
              'story moves along beautifully, purveying the deepest, most '
              'profound human content seen in this genre, possibly ever. None '
              'of the usual bravado and camera-pleasing antics transpire, ABOW '
              'shying from pyrotechnics and wire-works to concentrate on a '
              'memorable message regarding the horrors of warfare and the '
              'fallibility of humanity.And the grace with which this is '
              'conducted must be cherished. Characters steer clear of preachy '
              'sermonizing, instead delivering their heart-breaking anguish '
              'through organic narrative and fitting context.But every '
              'character has ambiguity written all over it, from Ge Li as '
              "undecided about his role and identity, the Liang monarch who's "
              'as cruel and bent as can be despite professing love for his '
              'people, to the contemplative Zhao general and hapless '
              'commoners, this flick has them all.It does feel a tad rushed in '
              'certain places, some scenes obviously cut short, mayhap to '
              'avoid a more restrictive rating due to violent content that was '
              "left out by ruthless editors. Still, this doesn't detract from "
              "enjoying ABOW's deep moral repercussions and excellent "
              'story.What do stand out as sore spots are occasionally '
              'ridiculous visual effects and sheer amateurish performances, '
              'such as Fan Bingbing opening her eyes a split second after her '
              'character was supposed to close them once and for all. Also, '
              'some of the action suffers from over-direction, looking like '
              'laughable dance choreography with soldiers stumbling around in '
              'an exaggerated manner. Additionally, the voice track was '
              'clearly dubbed without any effort to mask the discord '
              'inevitable when doing this, resulting in awkward spoken '
              "material. This isn't helped much by the almost complete absence "
              'of a proper soundtrack.Avoid thinking these serious pitfalls. '
              'With every single participant in the story completely '
              'convincing and multi-dimensional, ABOW scores a huge win for a '
              'relatively underdoggish release, and none of its minor failings '
              "diminish that. Whatever's broken with the movie on hand is more "
              'than made up for by its realistic impact, and thirty minutes in '
              "you'll be right at home in Liang, oriented to feel it as a real "
              'place confronting concrete terror and hope.Make tracks to the '
              'nearest venue showcasing this milestone and see what happens '
              'when Hero meets Platoon or Full Metal Jacket. A Battle of Wits '
              'is that significant, albeit most likely it will go down in '
              'history just as misunderstood as the pan-human principles it '
              'seeks to imbue for the benefit of us all.Rating: * * * * 1/2',
 'tt0488103': 'A dancer is murdered and suspicion falls on the lucky young '
              'woman who replaces her in the troupe the murdered woman worked '
              'in. Tensions rise as the young lovely replacement runs afoul of '
              'her new coworkers. Eventually she begins having bad dreams and '
              "becomes suspicious of her boy friend's sincerity. This is a "
              "very slow, tedious movie....too slow for a flick that's "
              "supposed to be a thriller. In Asia it's clear that the movie "
              'was marketed on the looks of its star, Yuan Tian. But even this '
              'young beauty can add little interest to this wanna-be creep '
              'show. There is little sex, despite the efforts of commercial '
              "interests to suggest it's hot, and even fewer scares. You might "
              'end up thinking the Curse of Lola was the fact that you watched '
              'it.',
 'tt0488572': "I didn't know what to expect from this film, but I found it to "
              "be a passable entry into Sammo's recent catalog. It's quite "
              'family friendly, it could be compared to The Karate Kid both in '
              'plot and content. Sammo plays a Kung Fu master who years ago '
              'left a wife and son in Hong Kong and retreated to a country '
              'village, spending his time mastering Tai Chi with the '
              'villagers. The son is infatuated with a rich popular girl; his '
              'friendship with her leads him to be challenged by her obnoxious '
              'Karate Champion boyfriend. So he travels to the village to find '
              'his father, and ends up learning Tai Chi. I sought out this '
              'movie as I read that Leung Kar Yan (the mighty "Beardy") was in '
              'it, he plays a Karate Master who has challenged Sammo. He also '
              "happens to be the young obnoxious Karate Champion's Sensei, "
              "funny that, eh! He doesn't have much screen time, and his fight "
              'with Sammo is all too short but it was great to see him in '
              'action again. Also look out for the always great Richard Ng '
              'providing laughs.',
 'tt0490961': "A very strange film- I think you'd have to be expert in "
              'contemporary Chinese culture to understand it- or to understand '
              "how you're not meant to understand it or meant to not "
              'understand it. It begins with a poem, telling of how Mr. Mao '
              'played hide-and-seek with his girlfriend. First she hid and he '
              'found her; then she told him to hide and he went out of the '
              'house and was never seen again. The film begins when Mao Liang- '
              'we do not know that he is the Mao in the poem- calls on He '
              'Youwei- an acquaintance of an acquaintance Mao has never met '
              'before- and is put up for as long as he wants to stay. Mao '
              'brings He- a low-ranking policeman- a martial arts truncheon. '
              'He picks up a girl, the pessimistic Zheng. The three of them '
              'make a song together, but when Mao says "From the beginning, '
              'together." the others burst out laughing. Mao makes strange '
              'mathematical calculations inspired by the noises of He and '
              'Zheng having sex; when He bullies Zheng and throws her out Mao '
              'beats up He- "for your own good", Mao explains and He seems to '
              "believe; Zheng returns- on Mao's advice- with a bag of rice; "
              'Mao and He go for walks together and strange things happen- '
              "when an old man's false teeth have been broken in a bicycle "
              'accident Mao happens to have a pair on him that fit, but the '
              'young man who caused the accident snatches them and breaks them '
              'too; Mao has a nightmare- the film is in colour now and music '
              'appears- and Zheng says she likes MAo more than He; Mao says he '
              'must go, he is beginning to feel at home after seventeen days. '
              'Mao gives advice- which we never learn- to some of the '
              'characters and walks away with the bag of rice. Finally he '
              'abandons the rice and walks on. In the end, in the locker-room '
              'with a colleague, He is eating an apple where before he was '
              'smoking- was that the advice MAo gave him?- and suddenly He '
              'notices the camera and stares at it while the credits roll and '
              'a strange song is played.The film is strangely and '
              'ritualistically photographed in fixed long takes with a black '
              'screen between cuts to show time- a day, perhaps?- has passed. '
              'The camera moves twice in the whole film, each time pivoting to '
              'follow a man pushing a bicycle along the road. Except for a '
              "brief nightmare- is it Mao's nightmare? we see him wake up at "
              'the end, but it is not made plain that it is so- the whole film '
              'is in black and white; the only accompanying music in the film '
              'proper is in the nightmare itself. Ultimately it has no meaning '
              'except its existence and nor do the characters in it.',
 'tt0492473': 'This film is an allegory for the communist state vs the '
              'individual, and for the universal human tale of wanting '
              'something then realising its not what it seems. The school is '
              'the state, the teachers its agents, and the little boy a free '
              'thinking individual who wants to be part of society, but then '
              'realises that that particular society has faults that he finds '
              'insurmountable. He seeks to set up his own society, of like '
              'minded people, hence his relationship with one distinct little '
              'girl. The hospital is a place he is drawn to because it is a '
              'place where people (psychiatric patients) are treated with the '
              "care and consideration he doesn't receive from the teachers at "
              'his school, or from his mother, who is another agent of the '
              'state (away working for "the ministry" in another city). The '
              'hospital, being apparently a psychiatric hospital, is also '
              'symbolically a place where people are free to behave '
              'differently without being held to account (Note the '
              'juxtaposition of the hospital with the regimented troops being '
              'made to salute over and over again).',
 'tt0495135': 'WALKING ON THE WILD SIDE (Han Jie - China/France 2006).Director '
              'Han Jie sets the story in his native province of Shanxi in '
              'Northwest-China, where coal mines sprang up all over the place '
              'during the nineties. The main character is also called Han Jie '
              "(the director's alter ego, he based the film largely on his own "
              'experiences) and grows up in this heavily polluted area, where '
              'most of the young men engage in petty crimes, like gambling and '
              'stealing. The young Han soon becomes a victim of the youth gang '
              'of Xiaosi, basically a bunch of feeble minded idiots who spend '
              'most of their day harassing school boys for their money, when '
              "they're not drunk or raping girls. When Han's cousin Xiping "
              'teaches Xiaosi and his "Gang of the Four Stars" a lesson, the '
              'gang members vow revenge, forcing him and Han to flee town.I '
              'picked this one out because I rarely get a chance to see '
              'Chinese films and it seemed an interesting slice of life of '
              'modern China. This very low-budget debut from Han Jie (1977) '
              'actually got a DVD-release in the Netherlands, because it won '
              "the Tiger Award at IFF Rotterdam 2006. Last year, I've only "
              'seen a few movies at the festival, but if this won the Tiger '
              "Award, I get the feeling I didn't miss out on anything "
              'spectacular last year, which is not to say this is a bad film '
              "in any way. It was interesting to watch, but I don't see an "
              'undiscovered cinematic talent here, even when considering it '
              'was shot on a shoestring.A sympathetic attempt and quite '
              'interesting to watch the daily routines in provincial China. '
              'Storywise director Han Jie really got something going here, but '
              'the film is obviously hampered by budgetary restraints and the '
              'amateurish acting. Most of the film is shot with a hand-held '
              'digital camera and when another fight or pursuit ensues, the '
              'cameraman simply runs after the action with a lot of shaky '
              'camera moves as a result. It does give the film a very raw '
              'realistic feel to it, but Han Jie never really succeeds in '
              "drawing any involving or sympathetic characters. It's mostly "
              'the interesting local scenery and the realistic portrayal of '
              'life in modern China, of which I know very little, that made '
              'this film slightly rewarding.Camera Obscura --- 6/10',
 'tt0496386': '(This review is based upon seeing the film in Chinese without '
              'benefit of English subtitles) A young boy who dreams too much '
              'is often the laughing stock of his class. One day while fishing '
              'he reels in a magic gourd that talks and is granted what ever '
              "he wants.A good Disney film from China, that I'm betting won't "
              'be seen in the US which is a shame. Though the story is aimed '
              'for young kids, the film still scores high points because the '
              'acting of the kid and the character animation of the gourd and '
              'the frog are excellent. The animated characters are real '
              'characters and I for one completely bought that gourd was '
              'wandering around. It helps that the actor doing the voice seems '
              'to be playing it straight, which is great. To be honest the '
              'animation here is some of the best character animation that '
              "Disney has released. I'd love to see this in English since I "
              'think this could really work for English speaking audiences. I '
              'saw this in Chinese sans English subtitles and it worked for '
              'me.(Apparently there is a subtitled version out there but I '
              "haven't found it yet) Here's a film that with a good "
              "translation or rewriting could be nice hit on DVD (I'm trying "
              'to think what writer could do the film justice). There is a '
              'genuine sense of wonder and magic in many sequences in ways '
              "that Disney US hasn't managed to manufacture in quite sometime. "
              'Sue me I loved the room full of toys, the gourd on a bird, and '
              'the out takes. To be certain the film is a bit too innocent for '
              'some audiences, and the denouncement could be seen at the '
              "start, but if you take this film for what it is I think you'll "
              'have a good time. I really liked this a great deal.7 out of '
              '10(Addendum:This comes out in the US on DVD in January 2009)',
 'tt0499224': 'Nomads in Nei Mongol, who have lived as nomads for many '
              'centuries, are being overwhelmed in two big waves: the '
              'commercialism led by Han people who dominate capitalized China, '
              'and the disappearance of the grassland. Many families abandon '
              'their long lasted nomad life and move to town for new, unknown '
              'life, where money and Han language count. However, this father '
              'of the family of three stubbornly sticks to the nomad life, '
              'saying "I am a born shepherd. I can do nothing but '
              'shepherd".From this line, I recall a station master of '
              '"Poppoya" acted by Takakura Ken. When the rail road line he had '
              'kept long years was going to be abolished, his former coworker '
              'visited him to persuade to work in a new ski site. But the '
              'station master refuses it, saying "I can do nothing but rail '
              'road job".This station master\'s answer came from his pride as '
              'a railroad man, who had served for many people throughout his '
              'life. But the case of this nomad father is different. His '
              'refusal to move forward is nothing more than a useless '
              'resistance and a fear to go one step for change. Facing '
              'overwhelming change of environment, all of his resistances were '
              'of no avail. He hated his wife working, but the reality was '
              'that only wife could earn money to live.The story is very well '
              'made. At the opening, while the father goes to his uncle to '
              'negotiate to rent his grass field, a big advertisement team of '
              'a new wine company marches into his territory to practice the '
              'performance, and its Han manager introduces himself to the wife '
              'in awkward Mongolian. In this short time all important elements '
              'of the story are introduced. Every episode in the movie has '
              'specific role, and the mood shifts in the characters, '
              'agitation, anger and grief, are portrayed convincingly.',
 'tt0757376': 'We do not need the colorfulness in Man Cheng Jin Dai Huang Jin '
              'Jia (Curse of the Golden Flower); we do not need the big movie '
              'stars and expensive publicity of Wu Ji (The Promise); neither '
              'do we need the unreal Gongfu in Wo Hu Cang Long (Crouching '
              'Tiger, Hidden Dragon). What we need is something from real '
              'life.While the fifth generation of directors in China are '
              'leading the Chinese film industry astray with their big '
              'budgets, big scenes and big plots for their vain pursuit of '
              'Oscar, we need films such as Wo Men Lia (You and Me) to take us '
              'back to the reality, which is far more life and touching.Hooray '
              'for the birth of a new generation of directors. Hooray for '
              'finding our own unique way of developing Chinese films.',
 'tt0765120': 'The film is all about mood. If you are not in it, you will not '
              'like the movie. My recommendation is to watch it at night, in '
              'bed, with no worries on your mind or things to do. It is not '
              'something really great, but it soothes the soul like one of '
              'those old road books.The story itself is more of a three '
              'parter, each section detailing a mindset and the situations '
              'that define it. You see the hopeless romantic, the one person '
              'who let the other inside instead of just sticking to the '
              'outside, and for whom losing the other is worst than death; '
              'then there is the rebellious daughter that loves and hates her '
              "father until it's to late to do anything either way; and of "
              "course, the story of Nora Joneses and Jude Law's "
              'characters.Bottom line: lay comfy in your bed and listen to the '
              'slow rhythms of the music while digesting the human nature '
              'presented in the film. In the end it is worth watching.',
 'tt0769507': 'The movie basically revolves around two interconnecting '
              'stories. In the first story, the mother of an 18 year old boy '
              'in the countryside of revolutionary China 1976 begins acting '
              'strangely once she falls out of a tree trying to retrieve a '
              'pair of her shoes that a mysteriously appearing bird, which was '
              'repeating "I know, I know, I know," had stolen. In the second '
              'story a teacher at a university in Shanghai (same time, 1976) '
              'is falsely accused of groping a female doctor at a film (where '
              'he is chased down and beaten by a crowd). The final segment of '
              'the movie connects the two tales.I left the theater with '
              'several plot questions unanswered and was glad to find out the '
              'Chinese audience I watched it with (in Chengdu, China) were '
              'equally as puzzled but just as enraptured with the film. You '
              'will definitely leave asking questions that I would assert are '
              'not possible to answer from the information provided in the '
              'film. But you also soon discover that it is really o.k. and the '
              'unanswered questions leave you thinking and talking about the '
              'film long after you have seen the movie. The film has a magical '
              'quality to it, even though it takes place during that most '
              'unmagical of times, the Cultural Revolution, with everything '
              'except for one scene at the end being set in 1976. The '
              'director, Jiang Wen, has only made three films in 15 years, and '
              'this is the only one of his that I have seen. But it definitely '
              'makes me want to see his other films.',
 'tt0776792': 'As this film moved along, I was wondering whether it was a '
              'genuine documentary or a "mockumentary" of mainland Chinese '
              'rent boy street scenes and lifestyle. If I really had to think '
              'about that, then the execution in documentary style was '
              "well-done, and it doesn't much matter if it was real or not. In "
              'any case, IMDb lists this as "Drama" so that answers the '
              'question.Production values are somewhat dim; the atmosphere is '
              'dark (in more ways than one!); and the players are properly '
              'jaded about their work. There is no real sense of character '
              'development; the people are interchangeable. But these are not '
              "necessarily negatives, as the lifestyle doesn't promote "
              'long-term friendships. The subtitles were somewhat sparse in '
              'relation to the amount of talking, but I think they probably '
              'captured the true tone.During the past year or two, several '
              'films have come out of China with related themes. These follow '
              'the groundbreaking "East Palace, West Palace," "Lan Yu," and '
              '"Man Man Woman Woman" (which has various titles). Some of the '
              'films in this genre seem stuck in the need to dwell on teenage '
              'angst and ennui--in real time, which makes them more than a '
              'little boring. This one moves along but could have done with '
              "tighter editing and stronger sense of purpose. I'm a little "
              'surprised to be the first person to comment on this film. It '
              'was OK.',
 'tt0777768': "I don't mean me with my opinion of this movie. It's not that I "
              'was storming out of the theatre at the International Film '
              'Festival at Berlin. Nor that anybody else that watched this '
              'movie did. But there is a certain kind of melancholy that comes '
              'through the screen directly at you! There is this man, that has '
              'a briefcase with him and he knocks at a door, but no one opens. '
              "Then he meets a woman, who's looking for the same person he is. "
              "If that sounds boring to you, than you shouldn't watch the rest "
              'of the movie. Although it does have some beautiful arranged '
              'sequences/pictures for you, if you bare to stay with it. I did, '
              'but I neither do I know, if I can really recommend this movie '
              'nor if I should tell everyone not to watch it ... It is '
              'spiritual and slow, if that does help with your decision! ;o)',
 'tt0781421': 'Chinese-Korean filmmaker Zhang Lu shares his artistic destiny '
              'with the likes of Japanese filmmakers Yoichi Sai (Blood and '
              'bones) and Lee Sang Il (Borderline) who are ethnically Korean '
              'but have been creatively active for all their lives in their '
              'country of residence Japan. As they have personally been '
              'victims of indifference, they have decided to mitigate their '
              'sufferings by showing their anger,frustration,hurt, '
              'disappointment and misery in their films. Their films are about '
              'the problems faced by those people who form part of two '
              'cultures. The inherent message of these films is how difficult '
              'it is to live like a second class citizen in a land whose '
              "customs, traditions and are not at all different from one's "
              'homeland. On the contrary, "Grain in ear" directed by Zhang Lu '
              'tackles the essential question of cultural identity. The film '
              'speaks of the cultural clash faced by Cui Shunji, an unmarried '
              'woman of Korean origin. She does everything in order to keep '
              'her young boy happy. It is important to note that like Chinese '
              'filmmaker Wang Chao (Orphan of Anyang), Zhang Lu too started '
              'his artistic career as a writer. It is for this very reason '
              'that he has deliberately chosen to give a bookish feel to this '
              'film. Watching this film, we feel as if we are reading a filmed '
              'book. This film is surely not for viewers used to Hollywood '
              'style slick, quick action type films where something keeps on '
              'happening every now and than. "Grain in ear" portrays how '
              'ordinary people are driven to madness when they are provoked '
              'beyond the normal limit of endurance. For this film, Zhang Lu '
              'received full support as well as cooperation from an equally '
              'great writer turned filmmaker, the acclaimed South Korean '
              'filmmaker Lee Chang Dong (Oasis) who also worked for a brief '
              'while as South Korean minister of culture.',
 'tt0783475': 'The Chinese title of this film means "Fallen leaf returns to '
              'the root", i.e. the circle of life. A simple story of carrying '
              "a dead friend to his hometown, I wasn't expecting anything more "
              'than a light comedy, but it turned out to be so much more.The '
              'protagonist, while carrying his friend, meets all kinds of '
              'people in his journey. At times he gets into trouble, sometimes '
              'his honesty and tenacity changed people he met, other times he '
              'gets encouragement and support. This film successfully portrays '
              'the best and the worst of human nature, as well as ups and '
              'downs one will encounter in life.I loved the humor in this '
              'movie. I burst out in laughter quite a couple of times, and '
              'there were couple of VERY touching and inspirational scenes '
              'that just brings tears to your eyes. It was really '
              "well-directed, and the main actor Zhao Benshan's acting was "
              "fantastic.It's a great film that I will recommend to anyone I "
              'know.',
 'tt0788135': 'The beautiful Angelica Lee plays the title character, an '
              'acrobat in Shanghai who longs for love. A few men are '
              'interested in her, Chen (Zhang Yaoyang), who is her boss and '
              'video store clerk Ah Kang (Liu Ye). Mini falls for Ah Kang and '
              'at first it seems like a perfect choice. They have sweet '
              'moments together, they seem very happy together. However, he '
              'has a talent for picking pockets and gets caught stealing '
              "Chen's and goes to jail. Mini still loves him and visits him. "
              'The film, which started out as a romance, becomes more grim as '
              'time passes. The film was actually shot in Shanghai and makes '
              'good use of the skyline, especially at night. Ms. Lee has never '
              'been better and has probably never been prettier. She has '
              'beautiful dark eyes and a very sweet smile. Some of the scenes '
              'with her as the acrobat are great also. To tell you why I did '
              'not give this film a 9 or a 10 would be giving away the outcome '
              "of the film. If you're a fan of Ms. Lee, which I am, this film "
              'is definitely for you. If you like romance, this will hold your '
              'interest, even though its not necessarily a happy film. I do '
              'recommend it, it looks great and flows pretty well. Check it '
              'out.',
 'tt0788249': 'The Chinese title is the name of a local style of ballad at a '
              'certain vicinity of the Yellow River. (Literally translated, '
              'the three characters are "letters", "sky", "swim" which are '
              'together meaningless except as the specific name of the singing '
              "style. It's a very expressive (even exaggerated) style, as the "
              'TV reporter from Beijing on his musical quest soon finds out.It '
              'would be natural to think that this movie is similar to Yellow '
              'Earth, as both starts with someone going into hostile '
              '(climatically speaking) rugged country in a musical pursuit. In '
              'Xin Tien You, however, the search of music soon takes a back '
              'seat and serves only to link up several episodes which can be '
              'collectively called "chronicles of a good official".The story '
              'occurs in the 80s when China is recovering from the aftermath '
              'of the Cultural Revolution. We never see the reporter as we '
              'take his POV and hear his voice over, both as the narrator and '
              'in his conversation with various characters in the movie. The '
              'central character is a government official who in a chance '
              'encounter gets to hitch a ride with him. On the rugged, '
              'treacherous but spectacular mountain road, they encounter a '
              'peasant singing Xin Tien You. When asked to be filmed, the '
              'peasant surprises the reporter by coming out with a ballad '
              'dedicated to the praise of the official. Justifiably sceptical, '
              'the reporter is sidetracked from his musical quest to a search '
              'of the stories behind the official.The movie is unquestionably '
              'preachy but the message is positive: a good official should be '
              'one who is totally dedicated to serve the people, particularly '
              'the helpless peasants. The story telling technique is '
              'elementary and the acting is barely passable. But the '
              'spectacular scenery and its unfazed simplicity makes it a good '
              'alternate choice.',
 'tt0791066': 'I tumbled upon this documentary on KTSM when channel surfing, '
              'after lived in Beijing 6 months and Shanghai 6 month last year '
              "- I couldn't help but following the six young Chinese "
              "Americans' life in Beijing, because it's so truthfully written "
              "and well executed. Kudos to 6 people for willing to 'bareing "
              "their souls' and open their heart to audience to share the "
              'beautiful, and not necessarily ideal places they are at in '
              'their lives..., thanks to the crew and cast for a beautiful '
              "piece of home coming for us bi-culture 'In-betweeners'! You "
              'said it - we are all in search for that half-and-half ideal '
              'place in our lives till the day we die - and will enjoy every '
              'bit of it in the process!',
 'tt0791313': '(My review from www.beyondhollywood.com)"How Is Your Fish '
              'Today?" began life as a British-commissioned Chinese '
              'documentary about Mohe, a small village in the northernmost '
              'part of China , lying on the Russian border. However, when the '
              "crew reached Mohe, a supposedly mystical town where it's light "
              'twenty hours out of the day and the aurora borealis sweeps '
              'across the sky, they discovered that it is nothing but a poor '
              'fishing village where people live just above the poverty line. '
              'Rather than abandon the film due to lack of footage, director '
              'Xiaolou Gou synergised what she had filmed with a script '
              'written by a friend about a screenwriter searching for '
              'inspiration by travelling to Mohe. The result: a film that '
              'confidently occupies the shadow land between fiction and '
              'reality.We follow screenwriter Hui Rao (who is actually played '
              "by the film's writer) as he starts work on a script where the "
              'protagonist is Lin Hao, a man who has just killed his '
              'girlfriend and is fleeing across the country, before eventually '
              'ending up in Mohe. We see the character of Lin Hao as Hui Rao '
              'imagines him, and as the film progresses the screenwriter and '
              'his character become increasingly alike. Tired of living '
              'vicariously through his own screenplay, Hui Rao leaves his home '
              'town of Beijing and travels to Mohe, a place that he has '
              'idealised since he was a schoolboy. However, once there, the '
              'romanticism of Mohe vanishes, leaving nothing for Hui Rao to '
              'see but vast acres of snow and melancholy villagers trapped by '
              'poverty in the middle of nowhere.It takes a while to adjust to '
              "the movie's style; for the first fifteen minutes or so all I "
              'did was try to work out whether what I was seeing was real or '
              'fictitious. It\'s safe to assume that 90% of "How is Your Fish '
              'Today?" is fact; Hui Rao is a real screenwriter, the people '
              'interviewed on the train to Mohe are real people and yes, Mohe '
              'is a real place. However this is hard to realise because the '
              'scenes in which Hui Rao imagines the life of Lin Hao are shot '
              'in a very similar way to scenes of the real-life Mohe '
              'villagers, and there is no visible difference in style between '
              'the two. This documentary style is adopted all the way through '
              'to the end, where it perversely becomes cinematic.But it helps '
              'not to over think these things. It is better to let "How is '
              'Your Fish Today?" take you where it wants to take you: on a '
              'journey with Hui Rao to possibly the most enigmatic village on '
              'Earth. And, for the most part, "How is Your Fish Today?" is a '
              'brilliantly constructed analysis of the flaws of romanticism. '
              "Hui Rao's purpose for writing his script was to see Mohe. "
              'However, having built up a mental image since he was young of a '
              "beautiful place lit only by strings of torches, it's no "
              'surprise when he finds his ideas shattered by the real '
              'thing.Having seen the destitution of the village, Hui Rao '
              'becomes just as trapped as the inhabitants of Mohe; he is bored '
              'by his life in Beijing , and has seen that his perfect town is '
              'worse than the place he was trying to escape. Xiaolou Gou '
              'highlights this with an effective use of anticlimax, in an '
              'ending that is as abrupt as it is dream-like, literally joining '
              'the real and the imaginary together.The only problem with "How '
              'is Your Fish Today?" is that it loses focus towards the end. '
              'What was, for two thirds of the movie, a bildungsroman of a '
              'depressed writer becomes a completely different film once we '
              'get to Mohe. Instead of continuing the story of Hui Rao, it '
              'takes a break from it to concentrate on the people of Mohe. At '
              'this point "How is Your Fish Today?" stops being an analysis of '
              "romanticism, and starts being an analysis of China 's bizarre "
              'social climate, where the wealthy are extremely wealthy, and '
              'the poor are extremely poor.Although hinted at earlier in the '
              "film, this angle comes more or less out of nowhere, and doesn't "
              'really fit in with the previous themes already presented. '
              'However since "How is Your Fish Today?" is a composite of two '
              'different films, I feel that this was probably the focus of '
              "Gou's original documentary, but didn't necessarily fit in with "
              "Hui Rao's script. But while this change in focus is erratic, it "
              'is nevertheless interesting.An innovative narrative, beautiful '
              'imagery, gritty truths and good philosophy make "How is Your '
              'Fish Today?" an outstanding piece of cinema. And even though it '
              "does flounder a bit towards the end, it's still a very "
              'worthwhile watch that I would recommend to anyone.9/10',
 'tt0794374': 'Having watched the movie myself and reading some of the '
              'comments/reviews with regards to the movie prompted me to post '
              'something in fairness to the movie.I feel that the movie was '
              'meant to let audience have a feeling that the leads in the '
              'movies are lost. If we were to think of the backdrop of the '
              "movie, set in the late 80's, Tiananmen incident, the chant for "
              'democracy, all this would have let you understand that the '
              'China then was not a China that many could understand.The China '
              'up till the 80s was probably such a controlled and suppressed '
              'place to live in, and when these suppressed feelings and '
              'emotions were suddenly set free, it was like an explosion. The '
              'literature and external factors began influencing the way the '
              'people viewed and did things. This could explain the "mindless" '
              'love making scenes as the desires to love and to have sex were '
              'probably something that was not openly displayed or '
              'demonstrated. Freedom is what everyone wants, but the maturity '
              'to handle the consequence of the actions brought about by '
              'freedom might not be something that everyone can handle.The '
              'movie also explores on people who dare not love. All because '
              'they fear losing it. I personally felt the characterization was '
              'done quite well, and was aptly shown by the character Yu Hong. '
              'Love is not something that can be explained logically or '
              'defined in any one way. The insight to the characters views and '
              'actions in this movie shows that clearly.Summer Palace is a '
              'movie worth watching, but it might not be a movie that is for '
              'everyone. Keep an open mind and try and understand the time and '
              "country this movie is set in, you'd probably appreciate the "
              'movie much better that way.',
 'tt0798443': 'Mizushima(Masahiro Motoki) , a famous cosmetician, went to '
              "Shanghai with his team for a music fiesta's make-up work. After "
              'duty, he took a stroll in the street but soon found got lost. '
              'Then a small accident introduced Lin Yi (Zhaowei) to him. They '
              'stayed together for a whole night....Finally, Mizushima had a '
              'better understanding in himself and the relationship with his '
              'girlfriend/assistant Minosan (Naomi Nishida), eliminating his '
              'perplexity about the life.This movie\'s title is "The Longest '
              'Night in Shanghai". Just in this night, everyone of '
              "Mizushima's team had found something valuable for his/her life. "
              'In daytime, they were all pressed tightly by heavy routine work '
              'and had no spare time to consider what has lacked in their life '
              "and where their future will be. Mizushima's occurrence had "
              'given him an opportunity to experience the life without his '
              'assistant, making him know himself better. Meanwhile, his lost '
              'also make it possible for other team members to experience a '
              "distinct night-time and show their true emotion.I feel it's a "
              'bit like"Lost in translation". People found their missing true '
              'emotion in a brand new metropolis. So I call it the Shanghai '
              'version of "Lost in Translation". Nevertheless,although there '
              'is a suspicion of imitation, it is still worth a rating vote of '
              '7 and recommendation owing to its entertaining plot and script, '
              "and cast's performance.",
 'tt0798841': 'A most unusual (and original) films to come out China in the '
              'last decade.A monologue of a young man, talking intimately to '
              'his girlfriend opens the scene. The cinematography is sparse at '
              'first. Whereas the monologue is plaintive and yearning, it also '
              'brings a shudder to the viewer as he wonders what the young '
              'man, is taping up as he talks. The cinematography weaves a '
              'brilliant unfolding plot. The viewer is mesmerized in '
              'unraveling what takes place: the lead actor carries a tension, '
              'borne out in the rupture of his relationship with his '
              'girlfriend. Their relationship is shown out of phase - trying '
              'to find each other through the unfolding cinematography shot in '
              'tense urban spaces - moving trains; traffic and cars. Traffic '
              'plays a huge theme in the cinematography - and the viewer is '
              'gripped in suspense at the chaotic turns and twists of the '
              "actor's journey. As he moves into a new apartment - barely "
              'furnished, he decorates the lounge, and chooses a blue '
              'wallpaper, with tender care, a color his girlfriend would like. '
              'Chen, is perturbed over the detail of his DIY handyman skills. '
              'The wallpaper seems irregular; it bubbles underneath; peels '
              "off, refreshing more nightmares. Shao Hong's art of suspense, "
              'leaving untangled threads until the classic denouement (Act IV) '
              'is purposeful and brilliantly woven however this is not a film '
              'for those who want straightforward Hollywood plots or '
              "simplistic Hitchcock styled resolutions of the protagonist's "
              "pathos. There are no family or kin - in this set. Chen Kun's "
              'role as a detached and suspicious young man, whose life has no '
              'roots, apart from the separation of his girlfriend which we are '
              'shown at the start, unfolds a chimera of torture, from '
              'nightmares to panic, derivative of the guilt he is carrying '
              'around with him, erstwhile sensing fragments of his lost '
              'relationship, and paranoia - in every other facet of reality he '
              'experiences. On his journey through the city - the taxi driver '
              'reprises sinisterly, leading to a suspense inducing car fight '
              "unusual for Li Shao Hong's cinematographic signature. His "
              'abduction and gagging in a wardrobe and his flight from his '
              'assailant who reprises as a motif in other ways, is unresolved. '
              'In my view, Shao Hong purposely melds the guilt and torture of '
              'the young man with impeccable distinction - so much so, that '
              'the viewer cannot fathom until denouement, whether his '
              'persecution is real; or whether it is self- inflicted - not '
              "only is Chen Kun's acting and persona imminently convincing, "
              'but not overdone or half-baked - he portrays an exemplary '
              "manner, of a young man's pathos, rarely seen to this depth in "
              "such a young mainland Chinese actor. The suspense of 'what is "
              "going on?' is very much that part of the protagonist's world - "
              'which the viewer is gripped by the edge of their seat and '
              "dragged into. More journeys' resume as a call from his "
              'girlfriend to meet him beckons - and even in a car, setting off '
              'at daylight, by evening with the fog rolling in, and the '
              'surreal experience of asking directions from a goatherd in fog, '
              'an ominous mood rolls thick into the scene as a graveyard '
              'nightmare unfolds. He parks and continues on foot, and his '
              'journey to meet his girlfriend at a block leads him to a '
              'foreboding estate where he enters after his car goes missing. '
              'Nightmare unfolds as he encounters her at a graveyard, as she '
              'invites him into her grave.We see him skulking around corridors '
              '- telephone ordering fast food to deliver to the flats in order '
              'to see who lives at his block. He meets his acquaintance - who '
              'is shown to us as a man in a swimming pool, leaving him feeling '
              'uncomfortable at the start of the film. His murder - as he '
              'comes out of the shower in a bathrobe, is again driven by '
              'paranoid fear and it is this second murder which brings the '
              "film to a close. A sense of peace envelopes Chen Kun's "
              'brilliantly articulated emotions in the character of his voice. '
              'The police come sirens screeching , and as he leaves, the '
              'police come into his flat (too late). The wall with his peeling '
              'paper finally goes under denouement and is stripped off and '
              'knocked down - to reveal the taped body of his dead girlfriend. '
              'The protagonist calmly walks off - the only time we ever really '
              'see him at peace - when he has told his story, and made sense '
              'of the paranoid fears and demons troubling his conscience - to '
              'commit suicide - walking into traffic in front of a juggernaut '
              '- to rejoin his dead girlfriend. Even small touches, like the '
              "Bach' cello sonata, which skips in the car, leading him to "
              'eject the CD, even comes back to haunt him; Shao Tong leaves no '
              'detail unturned in this brilliant script. Far from the '
              'protagonist as "suffering from a mental disorder" as the '
              'previous reviewer suggests - this is a psychological thriller '
              'of a young man, troubled by his murder of his girlfriend, set '
              'in a context of modern alienation where he plays back ways to '
              'try and make sense of the horror of what he has done, however '
              "sees himself as a 'victim', when we the viewers, become finally "
              'aware and aghast, that our identifying with his pain and '
              'suffering, is actually misplaced, when the viewer learns he is '
              '... the murderer. His paranoid dreams and nightmares; fears and '
              'terror - all stem from what he has done. Not, from some '
              "supernatural or 'ghostly' intervention. In this sense, it is a "
              "portrayal of a young man's sur-reality - more concretely set in "
              'the urban world. Nothing this brilliant and cleverly written is '
              "easy children's' viewing - a film with utmost distinction - "
              'highly recommended.',
 'tt0803096': "I had no idea what was going on most of the time because I'm "
              "not particularly familiar with Warcraft's story. That being "
              "said, this is a decent movie, especially considering it's a "
              'video game franchise film...90% of the time video game films '
              'are very badly adapted to the screen.',
 'tt0804438': 'I give it a 6 for the effort, only wishing there were more such '
              'movies made that were more in tune with reality. The opening '
              'scenes, in America with the boy and his slutty sister, the '
              'sluttier "girlfriend", the goofy best friend and the silly game '
              'of beach volleyball...well, if you can get past those cliché '
              'clunkers then the rest of the film is more worth watching. We '
              'get it. Good-looking American boy with a vapid, empty, '
              "meaningless party life, doesn't know where to go with it or "
              'what he wants to do; Chinese girl from poor family, working in '
              'a factory, sick mom, has to take a second job, dreaming of '
              'college, such a noble beauty. They meet when his dad sends him '
              "to outsource their company's products to a factory in China. "
              "Yawn. Because I am so in love with China I'm willing to watch "
              'even stuff and nonsense like this, I held on until the boy gets '
              'to China. I must say, for a little, "poor" village, apparently '
              'just outside the outskirts of Shanghai, it sure is CLEAN! I '
              'found myself thinking, Damn, the filmmakers must have paid a '
              'big crew to clean up and sweep each scene. NO trash, no '
              'beggars, no hookers, no dirty kids, nobody hawking loogies, '
              'everybody looking so perfectly clean and neat--I mean, hell, '
              "even American cities don't look that nice! Plus, the girl works "
              'in a big, roomy, clean factory that makes toilet brushes and '
              'such, and actually goes home each night after work, living with '
              'her family; this is just not in touch with the facts. This may '
              'rarely happen, anything is possible, but is not very probable. '
              'The factory girls usually stay in a crowded dorm, waaaay far '
              'from home, are umbilically attached to their cell-phones, and '
              'are not quite so good with their English, though I suppose that '
              'was a plot device here. There were moments that were very good '
              'and you could tell the writer had either been to China and was '
              'echoing some of his own experiences as a Westerner there, or '
              'had talked to a lot of fellow China travelers. At any rate, it '
              'was nice to look at, though the plot is rather bland and not a '
              "damned thing happens that you don't see coming a mile away. Get "
              "a big bowl of popcorn and settle into it if you're bored and "
              'want a little something Asian for the weekend. Netflix sux with '
              'their choices of Chinese movies anyway, but this one is OK. '
              'Tolerable. Enjoyed it like a serving of sesame chicken, then '
              "it's gone.",
 'tt0805513': 'Curiosity Kills the Cat is marketed as a sexy thriller, but '
              "it's more than that. It's a domestic drama with moral and "
              'romance elements in it. I do agreed with those reviews who '
              'claimed this film to be the Chinese version of 9 1/2 Weeks and '
              "Fatal Attraction, but it's also got a bit Annette Bening from "
              "American Beauty happening for the luminous Carina Lau's wealthy "
              "housewife role. It's also a revenge drama, and ultimately, it's "
              'a short film edited into multiple versions to become a feature '
              "length film. The audience don't really get to know the truth "
              'until more than half way into the film.The film is shot in '
              "Chong Chin China, and it's set mostly in a upscale apartment "
              'building. The story involves a young and nosy photo shop girl '
              'named MoMo(Lin Yuen), a security guard named Fen Dou(M. Fan) '
              'who she has a crush on, a sexy hair and nail salon owner named '
              'Sharon(Shong Jia) who sleeps with a married man named John(Wu '
              'Jun), and the mysterious often housebound wife named Rose '
              "played by Carina Lau.Momo thinks she knows all that's happened "
              'behind the murder mystery of Sharon, because she constantly '
              'snaps pictures of people in places and parking lots. Up until '
              "the moment when John had enough of Sharon's pressure and "
              'impulsively kills her by beating her with a glass ashtray, he '
              'was convinced that every bad thing that occurred to his family '
              'and wife was done by Sharon. He did believe she wanted '
              "everything from him, and money wasn't enough. Well at this "
              'point, we have seen less than half of the real story when John '
              'got arrested. Eventually, Momo uncovered more evidence about '
              'her so-called boyfriend who she suspects to be the real '
              'criminal. Then Fen Dou was threatened to uncover the truth and '
              "from that point on Carina Lau's side of the story is "
              'told.....The cast is very good and this film has garnered the '
              "best reviews of Carina Lau's career. She recently won the best "
              "actress award of the year voted by people's choice on-line at "
              'Sina.com and previously nominated at the Golden Horse Award. '
              'This is her first Mainland Chinese movie, and most critics '
              'considered this film to be the breakthrough role of her career. '
              'She was willing to be made to look like a middle-aged housewife '
              'and she had insisted on doing multiple takes on a scene when '
              'she was splattered with paint all over her. What I really loved '
              'about her performance is that after wards I think about how '
              "manipulative her character's emotions were, and I was amazed "
              'that she was very real and fake at the same time for those '
              'terrified and breakdown scenes. As a film wardrobe person, I '
              'must say that I noticed two continuity errors on her. She put '
              "on a wrong pair of earrings that didn't matched what she worn "
              'for numerous scenes after wards, and the other is that the '
              'director/editor made a mistake of using two different takes on '
              'her panic scene at the lobby when when was covered in paint.I '
              'personally thought Daniel Walker did a marvelous job with the '
              'original score and theme song. I rarely watch Mainland Chinese '
              'films, because I have more access to Canadian and American '
              'films, and I totally loved this film and I am so happy to see '
              "Carina Lau in it. I don't think there is another more suitable "
              'to play this role, and the love/fight scene with the security '
              'guard at the parking lot is worthy of any acting award for her!',
 'tt0816250': 'Mediocre ninja action flick from prolific low-budget action '
              'director Herman Yau (DATING DEATH, CITY COP), suffers from low '
              "budget and low ambitions, but it's entertaining all the same. "
              'Rival Ninja factions seek opposing alliances while immersed in '
              'intrigue over possession of a secret formula that will cure '
              "disease. There's some pretty good swordplay and nicely "
              'choreographed action sequences - and the girls are mighty cute '
              "- but it's all very perfunctory and devoid of a really "
              'interesting directorial style. The characterizations are nicely '
              'developed and well performed, especially a romeo&juliet love '
              'triangle between two of the opposing force ninjas.',
 'tt0819785': 'I usually get perturbed when I watch movies with Hong Kong '
              'actors, because our Speak Mandarin campaign here dictates that '
              'these movies if in Cantonese have to be dubbed into Mandarin. '
              'Add to the fact that most times, the audio and lip movements on '
              'screen rarely sync, besides the frequent use someone with a '
              'poor voice quality that results in the stars coming across with '
              'squeaky or irritating voices. No such situation in this Chinese '
              'horror movie production because the cast are speaking in '
              'Mandarin, and this somehow earns some brownie points.The '
              'Matrimony, like the name implies, focuses a lot more on '
              'relationships and love, with the supernatural angle adding that '
              'extra dimension to complicate matters. It is not a horror movie '
              'per se, but a tragic love story that has its characters '
              'perpetually stuck with their various issues. Leon Lai stars as '
              "cinematographer Shen Junchu, a man who can't forget his true "
              'love, living in a state of denial and guilt. Fan Bingbing plays '
              'Xu Manli, that love of his who now belongs to the netherworld, '
              'but still trying her best to make contact, and rounding up the '
              'main cast is Rene Liu as Sansan, the present wife of Jinchu, '
              'stuck in a loveless unconsummated marriage, looking too for '
              'ways to reach out to him.While there are moments initially '
              'where the usual complimentary attempts at scaring the audience '
              'are put through the motions, like creaky doors, quick edits, '
              'camera pans and sudden appearances, these tactics are soon '
              'abandoned when the story decided to contrast that affections of '
              "these two women have for their man. It's about unattainability, "
              'and the methods employed to try and bridge that gap. To Manli, '
              'it is obvious that her appearance and touch will harm Junchu, '
              "and for Sansan, it's clear that nursing that crush you have "
              'without that emotional connection made both ways, is futile. So '
              'a pact between them is made, at first seemingly to benefit '
              'Junchu, but later revealed to be much more than meets the '
              "eye.There's nothing fancy to the story as it plays out rather "
              'ordinarily, but to its credit it stays coherent, and brings '
              "about the storytelling days of old. There isn't any twist save "
              'for what I deem as cop-out wrapper scenes which, if you ignore '
              'them being used as bookends, actually makes for a refreshing '
              'experience given that horror movies these days are always so '
              'clichéd with the unexpected (and usually disappointing) ending. '
              'The narrative rarely gets over the top or too full of itself, '
              'and thus the beauty in its simplicity.But there is nothing '
              'simple in terms of production values. The film sets are lush '
              'and gorgeous, and no effort made to try and match the '
              'authenticity of yesteryears, making it a beautiful film to look '
              'at. The only thorn that marred the visual spectacle, was a '
              'crucial scene, which I thought could have either be done away '
              'with, or done conventionally. Instead, it decided to use visual '
              'effects, and it was badly done and cheesy. Not that the quality '
              'of the effects were limited, as later scenes were done to '
              'perfection, but I guess for this particular one, some quality '
              'control was abandoned. The movie started off rather slow but '
              "thankfully picked up the pace as it moved along, and you won't "
              'feel bored as your eyes will be admiring almost everything on '
              'set in the scene.I deem Rene Liu as having the most to do here, '
              'as surprisingly, much of the story revolves around her '
              'character Sansan, also in having the richest backstory created '
              'amongst the three, thus attempting to challenge her acting '
              'range. Leon Lai was stoned for most parts, while Fan Bingbing '
              'was largely scheming, given the age old superstition that any '
              "spirit clad in red is the most vicious.Given Valentine's Day "
              "just around the corner, I'd probably stick my neck out to say "
              'that this makes a decent date movie too, despite the secondary '
              'subject of spirits and ghostly possession. Just remember not to '
              'play with fire, that rarely is there a free lunch, especially '
              "when the dealmaker isn't from this part of existence.",
 'tt0821473': "A screwball comedy that doesn't really work- at least, not if "
              "you don't know Chinese and Chinese culture, and perhaps not "
              "even then: Chinese people in the audience didn't seem much more "
              "amused than the rest of us. The eccentric subtitles don't help "
              'either. It still has some interesting aspects and is worth '
              'watching though. Our hero is a car mechanic who believes he is '
              'under a curse; he is impotent with his wife, he accidentally '
              'destroys a car he is working on for a gangster, he has a '
              "continually stiff neck, he gets into road accidents, he can't "
              'even cook properly. His wife plays mahjong obsessively. A '
              'senior gangster and the mother of his child fight over the '
              "child. It's all bound together by Blind Liu, the "
              'fortune-teller, who is phoney as a plastic Buddha, but who cons '
              'most of the characters with his mystical mumbo-jumbo. A '
              'wonderfully portrayed character who can hardly believe his luck '
              'he manouevres the characters around to suit his desires. He '
              'tells our hero that he must kill the "villain" whose fate '
              'adversely affects his karma, which sets the plot in action. Our '
              "hero's wife- who Liu makes a move on- is about the only "
              "character not fooled by him. Ironically, Liu's warnings and "
              'prophesies are fulfilled in the end, but not in ways he meant, '
              'and all ends happily for the sympathetic characters. Swiftly '
              'and economically shot, with some eerie dream sequences '
              'well-differentiated from the "real" aspects.',
 'tt0829114': '"Bliss" (Fu Sheng - lit.: Floating Lives) is the story of two '
              "disenchanted men, brought together by one's divorced mother and "
              "the other's widowed father, in Chongqing city in China.The "
              'divorced woman, Xiue, is the mother of Lei, who has recently '
              'emerged from prison for a crime that remains unclear for most '
              'of the film. With his friend / boss still behind bars, Lei '
              'wanders the streets aimlessly, not wishing to be stuck in a '
              'small apartment with his fussing mother or her new husband, Lao '
              'Li.Lao Li is an ex-policeman, and father of taxi-driver '
              'Jian-jun. He has just received a parcel containing the ashes of '
              'someone loved and long-lost, which a painful wound for him and '
              'his son. He manages to get a job for Lei working as on operator '
              "on the city's trans-Jialing River cable car. It is here that "
              'Lei meets Qian Xue, and they begin an uneasy relationship of '
              "sorts.Meanwhile, Jian-jun's wife Xiao-hong (or just Hong) has "
              'conflicting loyalties with her co-workers, managers, friends '
              'and even her husband after the factory where she works is '
              'closed down and demolished.The drama slowly, almost '
              'imperceptibly unfolds under the harsh, foggy skies of '
              'Chongqing, with its flat grey tenement buildings, its abandoned '
              'construction sites and its disenchanted factory workers, who '
              'all seem to live, work, copulate and die with benign '
              'fatalism.Is "Bliss", the international title, ironic then? '
              'Perhaps. Or perhaps it indicates the relative happiness of '
              'people who are almost without hope finding respite or closure. '
              'Perhaps it refers to the wilful ignorance in which many of the '
              'characters live.I tend to be suspicious of beautifully '
              'photographed, but rather depressing social commentary films. In '
              "fact, I wouldn't have picked this one up had it not had Fruit "
              "Chan's name attached to it (he is a producer). I stayed with "
              'the film, however, and reasonably enjoyed it. It has an '
              'impressionistic feel because of the somewhat isolated camera '
              'aspect of many shots and the effect of the narrative: many '
              'scenes and actions of characters are apparently pointless but '
              'are justified later. This leaves us continually trying to guess '
              'their motivations, which keeps us engaged and adds to the '
              'rather patchwork feel of the film as a whole. This is a nice '
              'effect, but of course it is lost on second viewing. This does, '
              'however, lead me to suspect that it is a good, but not a great '
              'film, despite winning prizes from several international film '
              'festivals.Ultimately, if it were stripped of its narrative '
              'effects we would be left with a fairly uncomplicated story '
              "about five people, whom we mostly don't get to know - or care - "
              'that much about. The city is captured on film expertly and with '
              'great aesthetic appeal - almost too great in fact as at times '
              'we are so busy admiring the National Geographic-esquire squalor '
              'that we miss the vague, subtle actions of the characters. The '
              'actors do a fine job, however, and if you are at all interested '
              'in modern China or the privation of many of the people who live '
              'in its polluted cities, then this 90 minute film is by no means '
              'a waste of time.',
 'tt0843270': 'Due to many reasons such as censorship, financial problems etc. '
              'Chinese movie industry has been at the bottom of food chain for '
              'decades. Only few people can make money from movie industry '
              'without the help of government. Later, many directors such as '
              'Zhang Yimou, Chen kaige turn to make all those blockbuster '
              'movies with high volume of investment. However, it does not '
              'seems to be a good way to keep Chinese movies alive. Empty '
              'plots, awkward performance of good-looking actors and actresses '
              'could not save movies. They are rip off money from people once, '
              'twice but never thrice.Crazy Stone was born under the '
              'circumstance that Chinese people are so disappointed by those '
              'movies made by zhang Yimou and Chen kaige that they only spend '
              'few us dollars buying illegal DVD copies on streets rather than '
              'going to movie cinemas. The enriched plot, excellent '
              'performances of unknown actors and hilarious story save the '
              "last hope of this country's movies. The movie is produced by "
              "famous Hongkong actor Andy Lau's company with very little "
              'investment, however, it does not bother the quality at all. In '
              'fact, the quality is I believe as one of the best in Chinese '
              'movie history.All those black humors in the movies deserve to '
              'be mentioned. However, people who have not lived in China for '
              "years could not understand why it's funny, or even worse, it "
              'kills interests of people who get used to the vision effects of '
              'Hollywood productions or the romance and depressions of '
              'European movies.In a conclusion, this movie is highly '
              'recommended for people who are living in China and would like '
              'to learn about this country. Hopefully, you will enjoy and '
              'understand it.',
 'tt0847899': 'I just watched this DVD that I checked out from my local '
              "library. I was surprised that this film's rating is so low, "
              'Some of the Hollywood movies which have higher ratings are '
              'actually no better than this one. Therefore, I am rating it a '
              "10. I didn't plan to write a comment, since there is only one "
              'bad comment, therefore, I am compelled to write down my review. '
              "I don't know anything about the director, but his skill is just "
              'as good as Steven Spielburg. I am very impressed. This truly is '
              'an epic war film. It is a pity that not many people have seen '
              'it. There are not many people in the west knew about the eight '
              'years of anti-Japanese invasion war which happened in China '
              'during world war II, that is probably the reason why this '
              "film's rating is so low on here. After all, if you are not "
              "interested or don't know much about that part of history, then "
              'it would be hard for you to follow through.The sound quality is '
              'very good if you have home theater system. And the score/music '
              'is excellent, it has the typical Hollywood epic war film taste '
              'if not better. That is very impressive. I have seen quite a few '
              'Chinese war films before which typically have some mediocre '
              'scores, but this one has the best score so far. When one sees '
              'soldiers got killed by the Japanese invaders with that dramatic '
              'music in the background, it makes one want to cry.And the '
              'special effect is excellent, it is as good as "Saving private '
              'Ryan" if not better. You can see human body parts being blown '
              'away, a live Japanese soldier being forced to jump into the '
              'fire, a person crushed by a tank, people got cut by sharp '
              'knives, etc.The cinematography is also excellent. The actors '
              'were also very good. I am very impressed by the short '
              'appearance of "Tony Leung Ka Fai", he is an Hongkong actor. He '
              'has never experienced what it was like during world war II in '
              'China, but his performance was solid. It made you believe as if '
              'he was really one of the officers in the communist army. I '
              "don't think that he has ever lived in mainland China for a long "
              'time, but he knows how to act as a mainlander. And his '
              'performance in the film called "Changhen ge" was also very '
              'good. He is such a versatile actor. The other actors were also '
              'very good, they let you forget that they were just acting, such '
              'as "Wang Wufu" as the Chinese leader "Zhu De". I was very '
              'impressed by the speech which he delivered at the beginning of '
              'the film. Unlike those typical Chinese communist propaganda, it '
              'actually sounds real, and elicits deep emotions from the '
              'audiences.Almost all the previous anti-Japanese movies made '
              'from mainland China always concentrate on telling the audiences '
              'how good the Chinese communist party was, how its army was '
              'fighting hard against Japanese invaders while the kuomintang '
              '(nationalist) army was trying to run away from the enemy. This '
              'movie is different, it actually showed some heroic nationalist '
              'officers. Some of the kuomintang officers actually look normal, '
              "don't have the typical evil looks that you normally see in "
              'mainland Chinese movies. Also it has very few cliché. There was '
              'only one which an communist army officer got killed during a '
              'battle.One minor thing, one of the soldiers guarding in front '
              'of "Zhu De"s room looks too cute, he looks more like a pop star '
              'instead of a soldier from a small rural town. His lips look so '
              "red, teeth look so white. Then Zhu De put the soldier's hands "
              "inside of his jacket to warm the soldier's hands, that seemed "
              'very fake.Of course, most of the film is concentrated on '
              'telling audiences how brave the communist army was, it spent '
              'very little time on how the nationalist army was fighting their '
              'part of war. However, it actually had a scene of which a '
              'nationalist army commander fighting with other soldiers in the '
              'front line until he was killed. That kind of historical fact '
              'was never included in any mainland Chinese movies before. So '
              'that is a big improvement. Now that the Chinese nationalist '
              'party is only active in Taiwan, and due to their limited '
              'resources, they can never make an epic movie like this. I only '
              'hope that maybe one day when the communist party of China will '
              'no longer be the only political party in China, then someone '
              'can make another big epic movie such as this that will tell the '
              'other side of story of how the nationalist army fought during '
              'the eight long years of war against the Japanese invaders.I '
              "typically don't write very long reviews, but this one truly "
              'touched my heart.',
 'tt0848538': "I don't know the stars, or modern Chinese teenage music - but I "
              'do know a thoroughly entertaining movie when I see one.Kung Fu '
              "Dunk is pure Hollywood in its values - it's played for laughs, "
              'for love, and is a great blend of Kung Fu and '
              'basketball.Everybody looks like they had a lot of fun making '
              'this - the production values are excellent - and modern China '
              'looks glossier than Los Angeles here.The plot of the abandoned '
              'orphan who grows up in a kung fu school only to be kicked out '
              'and then discover superstardom as a basketball play (and love '
              'and more etc;) is great - this is fresh, fun, and immensely '
              'entertaining.With great action and good dialogue this is one '
              'simply to enjoy - for all ages - and for our money was one of '
              "the best family movies we're seen in a long time.Please ignore "
              'the negative reviews and give Dunk a chance - we were really '
              'glad we did - a GOOD sports comedy movie.',
 'tt0851515': "It's been a hilarious roller coaster ride watching Silver "
              'Medalist from Ning Hao, the creator of Crazy Stone, which is '
              'believed to be a milestone in Chinese comedy.Among the numerous '
              'expectations on Silver Medalist, big belly laughs embedded in '
              'the the natural flow of storyline are top of the list. And what '
              'an excellent job done!! The whole movie are filled with '
              'elaborate comedic moments, raw but not vulgar, many plot '
              "related, bringing 'substantial' laughs. It definitely takes a "
              'talented and patient mind to design this many "evolving jokes". '
              'Another big advancement Ning has made is in storytelling, a '
              'more complicated multi-layer story, which is rarely seen in '
              'Chinese comedy, or any modern Chinese movie, is told in a '
              'skillful and meaningful way. Up to six lines of sub stories, '
              'yet I had no trouble at all understanding this big plot.The '
              "best Chinese film I've watched in years, highly recommended!",
 'tt0851532': 'Chinese director Chen Kaige did the Chinese proud by directing '
              'Farewell My Concubine in 1993, which turns out to be the first '
              'Chinese film to receive an Academy Award nominations for Best '
              'Foreign Features (1994) and brings home The Golden Palm Awards '
              'in 1994 Cannes Film Festival.Farewell tells us a story of 2 '
              'Peking opera actors and the bond shared between both from the '
              "1930's till the early 90's. Today, Chen wants to bring the "
              'magic back again, and here we have his latest feature, Forever '
              'Enthralled. Also known as Mei Lanfang in Mandarin, the film '
              'serves to be a tribute to the late Peking opera master, Mei '
              'Lanfang, who was not only well known for portraying female '
              'roles in the play, but also being the first Chinese actor to '
              'performed in America.Sad to the say, the magic seems to fail '
              'despite placing lots of effort to bring the life story of the '
              'late Peking opera master to screen.In a duration of 147 '
              'minutes, you will see the life of Mei in three stages: '
              "teenager, young adult in his 20's, and a more matured Mei in "
              "his 40's. Featuring Leon Lai as Mei in his adulthood and Sun "
              "Honglei as Qiu Rubai, the movie should be renamed as 'Mei "
              "Lanfang and Qiu Rubai - The Two Sworn Brothers'. This can be "
              "supported with Qiu Rubai attracted and bedazzled with Mei's "
              'skills in portraying a female role, which leads him to support '
              "Mei's career in various ways.From the young Mei Lanfang "
              'competing with his actor grandfather, short romance with fellow '
              'actress Meng Xiaodong (Zhang Ziyi) after married to another '
              'fellow actress Fu Zhifang (Chen Hong), to how he refused to '
              'performed for the Japanese during World War 2, Qiu Rubai has '
              'always been with Mei Lanfang in all ways.The main highlight of '
              'the film which keeps the audience going on for more will be the '
              'first 50 minutes of the film. A teenage Mei (Yu Shaoqun) was a '
              'famous actor, which makes him to go a path less traveled by '
              'changing the style in a Peking opera. The conflict between his '
              'grandfather and Mei shows how Mei wants to change the '
              'presentation of the opera, so as to live up to the words left '
              'by his great grandfather, where Mei is to bring Peking opera to '
              'a new level where actors gained their respects. By defying his '
              "grandfather's wishes and creates a new play, Mei has become "
              'more famous than ever, which leads him to his stardom for the '
              'next few decades.This is the only part of the story that really '
              'lives up to the title. The moment Mei reaches adulthood, the '
              'story has fall flat, unfortunately. Even when Chen Kaige wants '
              'to highlight the important point of Mei being the first Chinese '
              'actor to perform in America, it fails to salvage the remaining '
              'parts of the story. Being the most important point of the '
              "story, it was given a mere 10 minutes to summarize Mei's fame "
              'in America. Yu Shaoqun shines as a young Mei, where not only he '
              'was given ample time to portray his inner struggle, but also '
              "appears in various plays in the film. Leon, however, doesn't "
              'get much chance to put on the thick makeup and impersonates the '
              'beauties of the past in his play.Too much focuses were given to '
              "Mei's romance with Meng, and how Mei refused to performed for "
              "the Japanese. Zhang's appearance of Meng takes up only 30 "
              'minutes of the story, despite being highlighted as the leading '
              'actress. Apart from a bad dubbed over during her opera '
              "performances, Zhang wasn't given much chance to explore her "
              'role. Chen Hong gets a bigger share in terms of appearances, '
              'but less lines. Her appearance as a middle-aged Fu Zhifang is a '
              'replacement of younger Fu Zhifang, portrayed by Gillian Chung. '
              "Chung's appearance in the film has been removed after the nude "
              'photo scandal in 2008, which has unfortunately, damaged part of '
              'the film. One will not know how Mei befriends Fu and in the '
              'later years of their life, husband and wife.It was Sun Honglei '
              'who makes the film watchable. Playing Qiu Rubai from an adult '
              "to an elderly, his influence towards Mei has changed Mei's "
              'life, which was described in detail.It is not surprising that '
              'one will compare Forever Enthralled with Farewell My Concubine. '
              'In all, Mei Lanfang shines in the real life, but Farewell My '
              "Concubine will still be everyone's favorite in reel life.",
 'tt0859765': "Though perhaps 'Still Life'/'Sanxia haoren' (the Variety "
              'reviewer thought so) is primarily for the Jia devotee or the '
              "festival-goer (it's already been awarded the Golden Lion at "
              "Venice) and certainly it's totally noncommercial, it's a "
              'lovely, hypnotic piece of work, another haunting picture of the '
              'vast creation, disruption, destruction that is modern China '
              "from that country's most exciting and original "
              'younger-generation filmmaker.There are layers of irony in the '
              'title, because in the incredibly turbulent, ceaselessly active '
              'events on screen in this world of life that is anything but '
              '"still," the most amazing images slip by without comment. A '
              'construction boss on a rampart one evening cell-phones a '
              'technician and says, "The VIP\'s are here. Why aren\'t the '
              "lights on? I'll count to three; then turn on. One, two, three. "
              '. ." and a huge bridge and arch are suddenly illuminated behind '
              'him. One of the two estranged couples the film follows to '
              'tentative reunions is talking with a vast city behind them and '
              'in the background a big skyscraper suddenly, silently '
              'collapses. There is no comment. It just miraculously happens. '
              'In the final shot, amid the debris of the Three Gorges where '
              "the world's largest dam will eventually displace 1.4 million "
              "people, Han Sanming (non-actor Han Sanming's actual name), a "
              "mine worker who's come to find his wife and daughter, who left "
              'him sixteen years ago, stands looking out at the urban '
              'landscape and a trapeze artist is quietly walking across a '
              'tightrope between tall buildings. Again, no comment.Han Sanming '
              "can't find his wife right away and her brother doesn't trust "
              'him at first, so he stays for months, working with the brother '
              'in demolition. A perky young fellow, who quotes John Wu star '
              'Chow Yun Fat and imitates Hong Kong gangster gestures, '
              "befriends Han Sanming and they put each other's numbers in "
              'their cell phones--a contemporary pledge of solidarity that has '
              'a sad sequel later. The young fellow, who could easily have '
              "been one of the lost, hopeful young men in Jia's 2002 Unknown "
              'Pleasures, is lost in a demolition accident and gets a sea '
              "burial like the one accorded to Johnny Depp's character in Jim "
              "Jarmusch's Dead Man.Focused on the displacement of people for a "
              'vast industrial and engineering project, Still Life also '
              'contrasts classes--the humble working-class stiff who can make '
              '50 yuan a day pulling down walls or 200 going down in a coal '
              "mine not knowing if he'll come back out, versus the handsome "
              'lady, Shen Hong (Zhao Tao) whose estranged building magnate '
              "husband she wants to divorce because she's found a younger man. "
              'She has options; Han Sanming is simply drifting and lonely. And '
              'in the background for both, though, is the enormous turbulence '
              'and activity in which we see both protagonists as tiny helpless '
              'figures, their own lives indeed "still life" by '
              "comparison.There's another unexpected, astonishing sequence of "
              'a fat rock singer, naked from the waist up like most of the '
              'Three Gorges demolition workers Han Sanming encounters and '
              'drenched in sweat. He sings of nostalgia for his youth, a time '
              'when everybody was happy , and old men in the audience shed '
              'tears while garish go-go girls gyrate: where does this fit in? '
              'This is another symbol of social upheaval. But what is really '
              "happening? Won't Chinese society have to return to its heritage "
              'of Mao and the Eighties aftermath chronicled in another of '
              "Jia's unwieldy masterpieces, the 2000 Platform? Perhaps the "
              'titles Still Life ironically points to the way people are '
              'frozen in isolation (broken couples, estranged children) and '
              'unhappiness (or quiet desperation) in a China that all the '
              'rampant economic progress both masks and perpetuates.After his '
              'colorful land pointed but somewhat leaden 2004 The World/Shijie '
              'Jia Zhang-Ke has shown again as in Platform and Unknown '
              'Pleasures that he can touch and astonish. The human events are '
              'dwarfed by capitalist Progress in the new China, but people '
              '(after all, they are a zillion of them there) are still very '
              'much in the foreground. \\Still Life is an impressive, '
              "organic-feeling movie that refers to Jia's earlier films but, "
              'extraordinarily, seems to bring together both post-war Italian '
              'neo-realism and the desolate urban landscapes of Michelangelo '
              'Antonioni.Seen in Paris, October 21, 2007 at the MK2 '
              'Hautefeuille.',
 'tt0865448': "I don't understand why people would give this movie a 1,0. In "
              'order for someone to give such a vote the movie at least should '
              'be really bad. This movie in my opinion was really good. '
              "According to some it's filled with clichés and therefore bad. "
              "But you shouldn't dismiss this movie because of clichés cause "
              'life itself is filled with clichés.The movie is about a young '
              'girl named Yishu who believes she has no luck at all and she '
              'blames her name for it. One day she starts receiving phone '
              'calls from people thinking that she is the popular singer '
              'Tianyou. It turns out that someone has leaked 600 phone numbers '
              "of famous people to the internet and Yishu's phone number got "
              'mixed up in the bunch. She finds it annoying at first but soon '
              'she receives a text message from Xiaowen, who is the singer in '
              'an amateur rock band. He wishes to write a song for Tianyou and '
              "wants Yishu -who he thinks is Tianyou's assistant- to deliver "
              "the song to Tianyou. Tianyou is a popular singer, but hasn't "
              'had a hit number lately. Because of this she gets pressured by '
              "her cruel agent into recording an album that she doesn't want "
              "to record, because it doesn't contain any good songs. This "
              "decision gets her into a lot of trouble...Don't look at the "
              "votes people, just watch the movie and I hope you'll enjoy it "
              'just as much as I did.',
 'tt0881200': 'I gotta say that in the first 40 minutes of the battle show, I '
              'did spot scenes from Saving Private Ryan, Band of Brothers and '
              'the Korean: Taegukgi hwinalrimyeo '
              "(http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0386064/). Actually, I'm not "
              "surprised at all, I mean who (the directors) wouldn't do the "
              'same thing? Some directors might curse Steven Spielberg for not '
              'leaving them much room to shoot a different war movie after '
              'Saving Private Ryan, and indeed this movie has, in my opinion, '
              "in no way transcended the 1998 war masterpiece. Still, I'd like "
              'to give credit to this Chinese director for his guts to do such '
              'a Chinese war movie that well handles battle scenes with great '
              'details, tells the audiences the past without being necessarily '
              'affected by current Chinese politics, and touches a lot of '
              'people simply because most of the story feels just down to '
              "earth and so damned real. I won't go any further on these "
              "points, because there's one more significant thing about this "
              "movie, i.e., it's the first of this director's works that could "
              'be appreciated by all the audiences other than those from '
              'mainland China only. The director has been a big name in '
              'Chinese movie industry by the end of last century, bringing '
              'Chinese fresh outlooks about domestic movies. However, one '
              'could probably better understand the director and his previous '
              'movies only from a "Chinese" perspective. And when I say '
              '"Chinese", I mean you\'d better be living in mainland China, '
              "excluding SARs like Hong Kong. But this time, as I said, it's "
              'quite different since anyone could understand and appreciate '
              "the story. It's a good shot to see how far Chinese movies can "
              'go internationally without the presence of Kongfu and male '
              'characters with long braid at the back of their heads, without '
              'the setting in a remote and underdeveloped Chinese countryside, '
              'and without bold and overused sexual scenes.I read about this '
              'movie on the internet for the last few days, and it was this '
              'piece of information from a Chinese blog that drove me to watch '
              'it, and I quote and translate this information as follows: "... '
              "at 23:00 when the movie Ji jie hao ended in a Beijing's big "
              'movie theatre tonight, with no presence of any of the directors '
              'and actors with the movie, the audiences were unwilling to '
              'leave their seats, and along with them was only their tears and '
              'standing applause." With no stars in this movie, it was '
              'reported that the box office hit 2,000 million Chinese dollars '
              '2 weeks after the premiere in China. I will definitely '
              'encourage both Chinese and non-Chinese to watch this movie. And '
              'for those who might be interested in our ancient country, I '
              'recommend two other quality movies: Huozhe ("to be alive" 1994) '
              'http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0110081/; and Ba wang bie ji '
              '("farewell, my concubine" 1993) '
              'http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0106332/.',
 'tt0882978': 'Three kingdoms is a great Chinese masterpiece that is set in '
              'the era of the three kingdoms that ruled china. The cao, wu and '
              'liu dynasties were trying to unite china each under their own '
              'leadership and in a result it produces wars between the three '
              'houses for decades. The story in this movie is told from the '
              "Liu's point of view and my god what a story that is.I don't "
              'know really why people are not giving this high ratings, it '
              'should be on the IMDb top 100. I guess most people that watch '
              'Chinese movies are in it because of the martial arts and people '
              'flying prospective. If you are looking for something like that '
              'then go watch house of the flying daggers or The Forbidden '
              "Kingdom because this movie is not about massive FX's and "
              'stunts. It simply tells a story with some battles shoved in. '
              'The movie is quite emotional and the acting was superb. As for '
              'the directing it truly is brilliant, the battles were directed '
              'with passion and ingeniousness with great sound effects and '
              'slowmo shots that makes it even more desirable to watch over '
              "and over again.This is one movie that shouldn't be missed by "
              "Chinese history/mythology fans. Its a 10/10 and I don't care "
              'what other people might think, its just a masterpiece.',
 'tt0884868': 'When I first saw this movie probably a year ago, this site did '
              'not even have a page for it. So I was not able to write a '
              'comment right away. I see that there is only one comment on '
              'here, So I decided to write one now.At first, I was thinking '
              'that this film might be boring. After all, it is about a trial. '
              'What can they show you about a trail. I was wrong. Even though '
              "this film is almost 2 hours long, I didn't feel bored while "
              'watching it. It kept my interest till the end. It has hired '
              'people from all over the world, from mainland China, Hongkong, '
              'Japan and other places. The storyline was well written. They '
              'hired a guy from Hongkong as a Japanese soldier, who knelt in '
              'front of a Chinese guy apologizing for what he did back in '
              'China. That seemed to be a little out of ordinary. Even though '
              'Chinese probably wish that Japanese apologize a little more, '
              'there are still plenty of Japanese who refuse to admit that '
              'Nanjing massacre ever happened.To some people, they may think '
              'that the seating argument was unnecessary, but the Chinese '
              'judge felt that he was representing China as one of the country '
              'which defeated Japan. He was entitled to represent China to sit '
              'next to the Chief Justice.I disagree with "rightwingisevil" who '
              'thinks that this film is about Communist party or the '
              'nationalist party. S/he failed to realize that this is not '
              'about any political parties, this is about Chinese nationalism, '
              'about the pain that most Chinese feel about what Japanese army '
              'did to China for that eight long years during World War II.The '
              'holocaust is a well-known fact to people in the Western world, '
              'however, many of them have never heard about the Nanjing '
              'massacre or the Tokyo Trial. There are only a handful books and '
              'films that are dedicated to this subject. Just by considering '
              'this fact, I gave this film a 10 for all those people who '
              'worked hard to make this film a reality.',
 'tt0893307': 'Breathingly remarkably fresh life into a hackneyed-sounding '
              'plot, Taking Father Home announces the arrival of a terrific '
              'new film-making talent. Filmed for almost nothing with a '
              'borrowed camera and featuring a cast almost entirely made up of '
              'friends and relatives of Ying (in China, as in Japan and other '
              'East Asian countries, surnames come first) and his '
              'producer/creative-partner Peng Shan, Taking Father Home is the '
              'story of a teenager (Xu Yun) from a remote village who travels '
              'to the big city of Zigong with no money and a brace of ducks in '
              'a basket on his back. His mission: to find and retrieve his '
              'errant father, who walked out on his family six years '
              'before.Yun learns an awful lot very quickly once he arrives in '
              "Zigong, as there's no shortage of mentor-figures eager to "
              "impart advice. His is a compelling quest, and we're with him "
              "every step of the way thanks to Ying's remarkable evocation of "
              "Zigong's sights, smells and sounds: if this weren't enough, he "
              'somehow manages to express the mood and character of an entire '
              'culture with just the simplest of touches and what seems to be '
              'the most basic of dialogue. By the end, Taking Father Home has '
              'become an utterly engaging emotional experience, and Ying has '
              "established himself as one of world cinema's promising young "
              "talents. You'll be hearing much more of and from him in years "
              'to come.',
 'tt0896815': "ADDITIONAL SPOILER WARNING It's a double irony: it has been "
              'suggested in the movie that the protagonist Dr KO Tsing, a '
              'psychiatrist, is schizophrenic, something that can be said '
              'about the movie itself which cannot quite make up its mind '
              'whether to be a love story or a horror thriller. Actually, '
              "there shouldn't be a problem for a movie to be both but here "
              'the two elements repel each other like oil and water. Another '
              'flaw is that there is such a proliferation of borrowed ideas '
              'that it compels you to wonder where the originality of director '
              'Tsui Hark has gone.The openings scenes are delightfully lucid, '
              'an elegant depiction of how a young women CHAN Siu-hoi '
              '(Isabella Leung) brings together her photographer brother '
              'Kwok-tung and Tsing, both dedicated professionals who have '
              'little time for romance but a common interest in diving. As the '
              'relationship develops and blossoms, we see the three planning a '
              'diving trip to explore a sunken, mysterious ancient '
              'kingdom.Abruptly, the next shot brings us to a desolate funeral '
              'as we learn that Kwok-tung had died underwater in the adventure '
              'while Tsing has had a partial loss of memory of what happened. '
              'What ensues, the main body of the movie, is a psychological '
              'thriller with an "I see dead people" diversion, and also a '
              'distinct "Ghost" (1990) flavour. As the array of mysteries and '
              'twists are gradually disentangled, we are finally handed an '
              'overriding twist that is not unlike the cop out in movies like '
              '"Vanilla sky" (2001). What you\'ve seen in this entire segment '
              "is only in Tsing's mind. The accident did happen, but the rest "
              'is what she constructs in her mind to try to explain '
              'everything.In the third and final segment, we see how Tsing, '
              'discharged from the psychiatric hospital and under the care of '
              'Siu-hoi, has completely lost her memory. Here, we see a '
              'remarkable resemblance to "Floating landscape" (2003) which '
              'depicts how a women whose fiancé had died of illness goes to '
              'his home town to look for a landscape of white blossoms that he '
              'had loved, and in the process discovers more about him. Here, '
              'Tsing needs to re-discover Kwok-tung from square one, and the '
              'landscape here is "feng loi" ("paradise" in Chinese), in a '
              'photograph taken from inside his small hideaway cabin on an '
              'idyllic beach, focusing on a small island in the middle of the '
              'ocean.The thriller part of the movie is somewhat contrived. The '
              'love story should have been better, particularly with the good '
              'performance of Angelica Lee, but suffers from lacking a '
              'sufficient development before the man dies, as you see in '
              '"Ghost". Angelica Lee did as much as anybody could, and the '
              'beautiful music (particularly the theme song) helps. In the '
              'end, this movie brings flashes of ideas and scenes that remind '
              'you of what director Tsui can do, but is on the whole a '
              'disappointment.',
 'tt0902249': 'Tagline: A pure eye-candy coated flick\x85'
              " Review by Neo: It's not long ago that Mainland comedies are "
              'just totally inaccessible. A prime example is Karmic Mahjong, '
              "where despite Francis Ng's best effort; the film was "
              'unbearable, unfunny and totally irrelevant. Perhaps its about '
              'to change, as in 2008 Mainland Cinema, there is not one, but '
              'two above average mainland comedies, namely Two Stupid Eggs and '
              'the current flick, Call For Love. While, the aforementioned '
              'flick used black humor and frequent self-referential techniques '
              'and polished by some good acting from leading man Guo Tao, Call '
              'For Love goes the route that would cause even the most '
              'resistant of male to nose bleed. With 9-10 hot chicks each '
              'appearing no longer than in a 10 minute segment, what makes '
              'Call For Love a bias selection for Neo is clearly the candy '
              'swamping within his eyes. Imagine a mobile phone that looks '
              'like Flintstone have the power of giving you 10 chances with 10 '
              'different hot chicks. Sounds like utopia, and without '
              'forgetting Fan Bing Bing is one of them as well. Just thinking '
              'about this leaves the current reviewer drooling and possibly '
              "leaving half the site's population in the same mood.In what is "
              'possibly the biggest juxtaposition is the casting of Xu Zheng, '
              'a mid-age, non-handsome guy as being the centre of the 10 '
              'female attentions. In an unintended allusion to Beauty and the '
              'Beast, the movie actually works because of casting a normal '
              'looking guy, rather than some top shot, six pack models. In '
              'fact, pairing up Xu with hot chicks, adds layers to the fun and '
              'luckily this guy can act. Like Two Stupid Eggs, Xu is '
              'constantly talking to himself and the self-referential humour '
              'is once again appreciated by the audience. More interestingly '
              'as the movie goes on, the audience seems to side with Xu and '
              'even wants him to get some sort of action.Without forgetting, '
              "Eva Huang from Kung Fu Hustle's fame appears in a scene "
              'stealing wild girl. Huang seems to be heading the wrong '
              "direction after an eye catching shot to stardom in one of HK's "
              'biggest movies in the past decade, but since then she have been '
              'reduced to non-existent roles like Dragon Squad and Lethal '
              'Ninja. Although it is only for 10 minutes, this is perhaps her '
              'most juicy role since Hustle and her performance is hilarious '
              'enough to catch the audience attention. Another famous '
              "mainlander comes in the form of Neo's favourite muse, Fan Bing "
              'Bing. Fan is as hot as always and her 7 minutes of fame is '
              'filled with coated levels of eye candy, even if her performance '
              'is nothing special. Still, Fan as seen in Lost in Beijing can '
              'definitely act and the short stint here is heaps better than '
              'the annoying Love Contract. Then again, who can resist Fan in '
              "police uniform? Cal For Love isn't exactly an all out good "
              'movie, but rather what Neo classify as a good Mainland comedy '
              'that is actually funny and enjoyable. Sometimes, it is a '
              'pleasure to sit through mindless entertainment and luckily Call '
              'for Love manages to entertain, have some sort of meaning of '
              'love to it as well as plenty of the all important eye candies. '
              'Movies like these can easily flatters, but luckily the director '
              'handles his shots with a certain form of comedic timing. Along '
              'with some good acting chops from leading man Xu, a scene '
              'stealing moment with Eva Huang and the irresistible Fan Bing '
              "Bing, Call For Love isn't half bad and clearly what one can "
              'claim as pure guilty pleasure. Then again, with 10 deliciously '
              "candy coated ice cream cones, Neo's eyes certainly aren't "
              'complaining\x85'
              ' (Neo 2008) I rate it 7/10www.thehkneo.com',
 'tt0905360': 'As part of the Adelaide Film Festival "Prince of the Himalayas" '
              'was on screening today, with a little speech from the director. '
              'It proved to be a very refreshing and interesting ride. Prince '
              'of the Himalayas brought a savage and splendid Tibet to life '
              'and its gorgeous scenery is the perfect setting for the grand '
              'drama it portrays.The movie stayed very true to the original '
              'plot of Hamlet, but the change of setting and a few extra '
              'touches made it worth a revisit. Main difference was the bigger '
              'emphasis on a battle on the spiritual level, maybe reminiscent '
              'of Tibetan Buddhist traditions and notions of karma and '
              'rebirth.The biggest attractions of the movie however are by far '
              'the landscape, sets and costumes. The contrast between the '
              'stark and often barren landscape and the exquisite costumes '
              'made for some awe-inspiring moments. The whole look of the film '
              'steered clear from the Tibetan view as we have seen it for a '
              'long time: no monks in crimson, purple and golden robes, but a '
              'bizarre mix of wolf skins, splendid silks, leather straps, snow '
              'leopard hides, wool, and deep colored fabrics and jewelery. '
              'Together with the original Tibetan language, the movie became '
              'the fabled Shangri-La, but with tragedy at its core.',
 'tt0923923': "It's difficult to sit through this movie, at least for me. "
              'Identifying with certain elements brought back some memories '
              'that I try to keep at the back of my mind, and going into this '
              'movie with slight expectations of the storyline reminded me of '
              "what a friends once said, that I'm a sucker for punishment. And "
              'yes, this movie dragged a bit, and moves along in cruise '
              'control, until the final act where it sledgehammers emotions '
              'all the way to an expected cliché ending.But it is the emotions '
              'and thoughts of modern day relationships that makes this movie '
              'quite depressing. Based on a short story written by actress '
              'Rene Liu herself, and adapted for the big screen by renowned '
              'actress/director Sylvia Chang, Happy Birthday, stripped bear of '
              'its emotions, is actually a vanilla plain love story which is '
              'done ad nauseam. It is the little nuances of the things people '
              'do, or do not, that rings the story home.Rene plays Mi, a girl '
              'who wears a smile on her face, but deep inside hides this grave '
              'insecurity. Louis Koo, more famous last year for his Johnny To '
              'triad outings and possibly treading the same path in the '
              "upcoming Derek Yee movie Protégé, stars as Rene's lover Nam, a "
              'boy who seems to be commitment phobic, the stud to whom the '
              'chicks flock to. Put them both together, and with their obvious '
              "personality differences, you'll come to expect a very rocky "
              "road ahead. But isn't love all about taking that initial leap "
              'of faith?Watching the two get together, then not, and then '
              'some, makes it frustrating. But I felt herein lies probably '
              'some realism, at least for me in my limited experiences, of two '
              'people trying to get together, yet prevented from doing do '
              'because of self doubt, or the lack of courage to admit your '
              'feelings. Walls get built up, and both decided to be better '
              'than best friends, because then, nobody will get heartbroken if '
              "things do not work out. What gives? It's back to the games "
              'people play.I find it easy to identify surprisingly with both '
              'characters. The fear I can feel, and the folly of deciding to '
              "wait I've done, or perhaps still doing? And in my defenses I've "
              'set out to tell myself never to experience the type of heart '
              'sinking moments Mi felt when she learnt of good tidings from '
              'Nam. There will always remain a sense of curiosity, of wanting '
              'to maintain contact with your ex, or wanting to find out a bit '
              "more, but it's my take (some may disagree) to cut off ties "
              'completely (ok, so sometimes I waver), lest we hurt or become '
              "hurt.It's tempting to dispense with the advice of telling "
              'someone you love them in case it becomes too late, especially '
              'after watching the movie and agreeing that holding back is one '
              "of the worst ways of handling relationships, but it's always "
              'easier to say than to do. You might be tempted to go forth and '
              "say it, however it's real life, and reality doesn't last just 1 "
              "hour and 45 minutes. I'm probably two minds about it though, "
              "with the counter argument being if you don't, you might spend "
              'equal time reminiscing on regret.Rene Liu and Louis Koo look '
              "like the model couple, and it's pretty hard to know that the "
              'former, with her pixie looking facial features, is actually '
              'already 37 years old. And both leads actually belt out some '
              'tunes for the movie, albeit some deliberately off key. The look '
              'of the film takes on an incredible soft focus feel from start '
              'to end, and that, while romantic and dreamy during certain '
              'scenes, will take a bit of time to get used to. Veteran Richard '
              "Ng also stars in the movie, as Mi's dad, and the supporting "
              'cast of Bowie Tsang, Lawrence Chou, and a host of others helped '
              'to lift the movie from its gloom.Happy Birthday might not be '
              "everyone's cup of tea given the style of delivery of its "
              'standard- story-with-clichéd-ending, but I guess if you open up '
              'your heart to it, you might find it a tad more enjoyable, and '
              "somehow, if you're that sentimental fool who's been there and "
              "done that, you'll feel that tinge of regret inside you.",
 'tt0924003': 'I saw this movie with a bag oranges for an afternoon '
              'entertainment but I ate only two before I felt guilty. This is '
              'a moving story telling about true love and should be dealt with '
              'seriously.The story began in the 1940s when Chen Qiushui(Chen '
              "Kun)was a diligent medical student who came to a rich dentist's "
              'home as a home-teacher.There he met the pretty girl Wang '
              "Biyun(Xu Ruoxuan)who was the elder daughter.By teaching Biyun's "
              'younger brother they had a pleasant time together and '
              'eventually fell in love with each other.Later Chen was '
              "discovered to be a communist radical. He was fired by Biyun's "
              'mother and he had to escape from TaiWan. However,Biyun was '
              'determined to wait for Chen. She engaged with him the day he '
              'left. Chen came to mainland, served as a doctor in the army, '
              'participated the Korean War, and went to Tibet after the war. '
              'In Korea he met Wang Jindi(Li Bingbing),Jindi fell in love with '
              "Chen, who refused her because of Biyun. But Jindi's love is "
              "sincere.She paid full respect to Wang Biyun and she knew it's "
              'impossible for Chen to reunite with Biyun. Chen was in a '
              "dilemma, for one thing it's not probable to see Biyun again, "
              "for another Jindi's sacrifice made her love hard to refuse. He "
              'get married with Jindi.Several years later he was killed in an '
              'accident. In Taiwan, Biyun was still waiting for him and took '
              'care of his mother for him.This waiting lasted for as long as '
              'her life.Tai Wan get rid of Japanese Control in the year 1945 '
              "and from then on there's gap between Taiwan and mainland. "
              "Especially before 1970's, no communication is possible.Under "
              "distorting political events young people's love is always "
              'smashed. We all should think about whether it is worthwhile to '
              'wait for a lover that much. I think yes, for the more we '
              'cherish love, the more resplendent love is. But I fully respect '
              'your choice for we are not living in a movie after all.',
 'tt0949489': 'But They Make The Best of It.There is a thin chick which in a '
              'cliched manner works at a spa. Men pick her due to certain '
              'perceptions, as well as the fact that she is thin and '
              'feminine.As always, a sexual aggressive move is at first '
              'rejected and soon becomes lustful and sexily accepted.Then the '
              'film reaches its climax (as does she).',
 'tt0949564': 'This movie is more meaningful when viewed as a '
              'semi-documentary. Through the micro angle of a slightly '
              'dramatized story of Tuya, we are introduced to the macro '
              'reality of the harsh livelihood of the backward areas of '
              'Mongolia and, although not specifically addressed, of many '
              "parts of China.Tuya's predicaments are by no means unique, or "
              'even unusual, for there are many areas in the mainland where '
              'natural resources that we in modern cities take for granted are '
              'luxuries. With her husband paralyzed as a result of attempts to '
              'drill wells for water, Tuya, relatively young, reasonably good '
              'looking and unquestionably able-bodied, takes up the burden of '
              'rearing a herd if lambs and caring for her husband and two '
              'children. The son, just about turning teen, is a help but the '
              'daughter is small. When the burden comes close to being '
              'unbearable, the couple resorts to what a lot of people in '
              'similarly locations under similar situations do. The have a '
              'divorce, and the wife looks for an opportunity for re-marrying, '
              "to a man capable of taking care of the children. In Tuya's "
              'case, there is another condition: the suitor must undertake to '
              'take in the paralyzed ex-husband.The story, as the title '
              "suggests, revolves around the events leading to Tuya's "
              'marriage, or re-marriage. The events unfold in as natural a '
              'manner as can be presented in a movie. There are moments of '
              'both farce and pathos, but none is contrived. You can believe '
              'that this is exactly the way things would happen. YU Nan who '
              'plays Tuya is a marvelous actress. All the other key characters '
              'are real local people, using their real names in the movie, but '
              'I am not sure whether they are indeed acting out their own '
              'story."Tuya\' marriage" won the Golden Berlin Bear earlier this '
              'year, a last-minute entry in the competition and a surprise '
              'winner.',
 'tt0984126': "I'll make this brief for now. Xie Miao (who plays Jet Li's son "
              "in New Legend of Shaolin and My Father's a Hero) teams up with "
              'Sik Siu Loong (the cute little monk from Dragon From Shaolin) '
              'to stop some illegal gamblers from cheating in the lion dance '
              'competition.The movie maybe based off of a TVB in Hong Kong '
              'because of the soap opera style cinematography, but make no '
              'mistake, these two boys can shine without their more famous '
              'counter parts. This movie will be lost in a big pile of other '
              "well known films but, it has it's fair share of greatness. My "
              "review isn't to broad because I am trying to find out if this "
              'is indeed a TV show.But make no mistake about it Iron Lion is a '
              'very good movie.',
 'tt0989868': 'One wonders how this film would turn out should it not be '
              'censored to a certain degree, given that films about juvenile '
              'delinquency got the general frown from the Chinese censors, to '
              'avoid glamourizing non-socially accepted behaviour about '
              'disaffected youths and their open sexuality. Based on the novel '
              'Blade vs Blade by He Dacao, this film is reported toned down in '
              'its adaptation, and the narrative is compellingly telling of '
              'this shortcoming.Directed by Lu Yue, who was cinematographer on '
              'a number of Zhang Yimou movies, Thirteen Princess Trees is the '
              'name of a fictional school where the story of a group of '
              'teenagers unfolds. Think of it like Volcano High, or any other '
              'made-up schools in films such as that in Crows Zero with '
              'delinquent youths dominating the landscape, minus the '
              'fantastical fight sequences of course. Premise-wise, it could '
              "even be like Singapore's very own The Days, but the film opens "
              'with a tense hostage situation, before flashing back in '
              'timeline. We have Feng (Liu Xin) the tomboy with a penchant for '
              'knives, and the story takes on her point of view as the central '
              'character caught up in the thick of the action. Amongst those '
              'in her clique are A-Li (Chen Keliang), a rich kid under the '
              'wing of protection by gang leader Taotao (Duan Bowen), whom '
              'Feng is infatuated with, being on the receiving end of mixed '
              'signals, putting their relationship on and off in '
              'wash-rinse-repeat sequence. Things take a change when new '
              'student Bao (Zhao Mengqiao) joins their class, and takes an '
              "instant liking for the spunky Feng.It's an examination of the "
              'love triangle between the parties involved, and you can '
              'probably identify with the aloofness of cool kid Taotao, the '
              "pining for the unattainable from Feng's confused state when she "
              "rejects Taotao's advances, and also from the advances of the "
              'very direct Bao, who tries really hard with in his incessant '
              'pursuit to obtain her approval of acceptance. As to who wins in '
              "this battle of hearts, that's actually not as important as the "
              'more interesting angle of having some power play when Taotao '
              "gets hooked up with the new form teacher.As mentioned, here's "
              'where the censorship comes into play. While we do not see any '
              'shenanigans performed on screen by that of the forbidden '
              'relationship between teacher and student, Lu Yue managed to get '
              'around this through elements of suggestion, and the fine acting '
              "by the cast in telling a lot more that's going behind the "
              'scenes, than what can actually be shown. The power of '
              'suggestion here broke through, and just a single ogle, a '
              'glance, or a twitch of an eye, could reinforce plenty.Naturally '
              'it would be much more oblique should things be told in a more '
              'verbatim fashion, but I guess this would challenge filmmakers '
              'to be more creative and innovative in putting their narrative '
              "forward. There are certain points in time though that you'd "
              'feel some pathos were probably left hanging, or not thoroughly '
              'explored because doing so would mean to irk the censor board '
              'perhaps.Unlike The Days, there is a relatively stronger '
              'presence and existence of authority, but not always in positive '
              'light. We see the form teacher and her uneasy ability to assert '
              'her instructions on the students without resorting to or '
              'condoning violence, and a somewhat corruption of her moral '
              'authority with the canoodling with the rogue of the classroom '
              "for some r-e-s-p-e-c-t. Feng's father (Shang Hui) is a "
              'policeman who while on one hand is top notch at his job, but is '
              'somewhat of a failure in the bringing up of his daughter, again '
              "with the use of fists. Perhaps it's a not so subtle veil on how "
              'authoritarian figures are not as well received, especially when '
              'hands are raised, and no effort got spared for some '
              'condemnation.Winner of the Special Jury Prize at the 19th Tokyo '
              'International Film Festival, Thirteen Princess Trees still has '
              'plenty to offer despite going back to the drawing board and '
              'toning down scenes, resulting at times to obvious narrative '
              'breakage. The use of actors not well known also helped to '
              'provide an edge to characterization, and I guess the soundtrack '
              'was also quite peculiar with the repetitive playing of "Nan Er '
              'Dang Zhi Qiang" and "Xiao Ao Jiang Hu" over the school\'s PA '
              "speakers, akin to alluding that it's quite the cowboy town "
              'within the fictional school grounds.',
 'tt1000775': "It's very creative, but it feels awkward. The film should end "
              'in half, and the second half is a bit too far away. The tone of '
              'the picture and the rhythm of the accompaniment make people '
              "feel awkward, and they can't be divided into thrillers.",
 'tt1002767': 'This dramatic movie is about three women in Japanese-occupied '
              'Shanghai, 1941, and one could call it very woman-centric (which '
              'isn\'t a bad thing). They "breathe the same air", but are in '
              'different walks of life: Jinzhu is a factory worker. She gets '
              'raped by Japanese soldiers in the very first seconds of the '
              'film, and much of the rest deals with the social consequences '
              'this has for her.Ruoying is the wife of an influential manager, '
              'but her daughter is by her former husband, who went to the '
              'Communist-held areas years ago, and now comes back to meet his '
              "child. This induces deep trouble with Ruoying's husband, of "
              'course...Finally, Li Xinqun is a school teacher, '
              '"progressive-minded", and thus not so interesting in fate and '
              'conflicts. She knows both the other women and acts as some kind '
              'of silent angel in the background.But Jinzhu and Ruoying really '
              'go through a hell of events: sudden blindness, incarceration '
              'and torture by the Japanese (who are really evil as '
              'characterized here - except for the white-bearded "good guy" '
              'librarian), multiple family breakups, prostitution, suicide...I '
              'had to shed more than a few tears when watching this. The drama '
              "is acted out strongly and seriously - I'm not aware of any "
              'comic moment (or, maybe Ruoying and her husband listening to '
              'radio news, where she listens to Chungking (leftist), and he '
              'wants to have Nanjing (collaboration) to reach a "neutral point '
              'of view"). And the fact that men play not much more than '
              'side-roles makes this also interesting as a feminist film.',
 'tt1002784': "This is a (for China) very early sound movie, which means it's "
              'practically a silent: people speak without us hearing it, often '
              'lengthy inter-titles (in Chinese only, not with added English '
              'as was usual in 1929). The soundtrack is mostly music '
              '(attributed to the famous composer Nie Er who died at 23), some '
              "sound effects - the birds, the ship's steam horn - and, last "
              'but not least, the song which gives the movie its title ("The '
              'fishermen\'s song") which is performed three times, giving the '
              "movie a special structure.The story is about a fisherman's "
              'family living near to Shanghai. In the beginning, twin babies '
              'are born, a boy and a girl. Their growing-up is briefly '
              'sketched, and their friendship with "young master", a boy from '
              'rich family about their age. While the fishing business goes '
              'from bad to worse, he travels abroad to study ship-building, '
              'and later returns to have a rather large, modern trawler built. '
              'This of course reduces the chances of the traditional fishermen '
              'even more, so the boy and the girl go to Shanghai looking for a '
              'job. These scenes are really intensive - the queues forming '
              'outside the personnel office (men and women separate), the '
              'attempts to get a better place in the queue, the final '
              'disappointment when all vacancies are filled.Boy and girl look '
              'for other occupation, which involves street theater and '
              'singing, but the boy (played by the famous comedian Han Langen, '
              'who does very bitter comedy here) is arrested and appears in '
              'court. These scenes are very brief, and by ruptures in the '
              'music I suppose that quite some footage was cut out (maybe for '
              'bad quality - some of the remaining footage is also hardly '
              'viewable). Lucky turn: he is acquitted, and sister and brother '
              'go to shop some good food for their mother.Well, I better not '
              'give away all the further tribulations of the story here - '
              'quite pathetic and/or heartbreaking in my eyes.This was the '
              'first Chinese movie to win a prize at a foreign festival, in '
              'Moscow. They must have seen a more complete version back then - '
              'the one I have (from the 120-piece Retrospective collection) '
              "feels like it hasn't aged so well physically. But still, to "
              'watch it is an interesting experience in movie archeology...',
 'tt1003071': "You know you've overstayed your welcome when your "
              'friend/host/whatever puts this movie on! Waiting in Beijing, '
              'more like waiting for plot, character development, action and '
              "even more so - waiting for someone to answer that question 'how "
              "the hell this turkey ever got made in the first place'. Reminds "
              'me of that film entrepreneure back in the day who charged, yes '
              'charged! people to be in his turkeys. The film crew were legit '
              "but the 'actors' were all folks who paid to be in the film.",
 'tt1003142': 'The title entry should have the ü dots in "ernü" (sons and '
              'daughters) - it might be translated as "Sons and Daughters in '
              'Stormy Weather".It starts, as often in that period, with '
              'student life in Shanghai. Two boys sharing a room; one floor '
              'below, a girl (A-Feng) with her mother; and the usual landlady '
              'insisting on regular rent payment.The mother gets sicker and '
              'sicker; the boys send her to a hospital, where she soon dies. '
              "As the girl can't afford the rent, the boys invite her to move "
              'in with them. (That must have been very risqué in 1935 China..) '
              'The next morning, one boy is missing, but the newspaper (shown '
              'ideally well-informed several times in this film) reports that '
              'he was involved in a bombing, and has escaped. So Baihua, the '
              'hero, decides his room is unsafe, and goes searching for a '
              'place to stay, finally ending with a rich girl he met before, '
              'who takes hold of him.The next morning he reads in the '
              'newspapers that he is also under suspicion, so they decide to '
              'take a ship to Qingdao. A-Feng comes home, finds the room '
              'ransacked, and joins a traveling song & dance troupe so she can '
              'return to her Grandpa up north-west. And much more ensues... :) '
              "The biggest spoiler isn't so much one - this leftist drama ends "
              "with the heroic people marching and singing Nie Er's March of "
              'the Volunteers. This song was declared the National Anthem of '
              'the PRC in 1949, officially in the constitution in 2004, and '
              'will be heard not so rarely at the upcoming 2008 Olympics.If '
              "I've whetted your appetite so far, let me caution. Image and "
              'sound quality is quite uneven, and sound must have been a big '
              'difficulty then. Consider: Baihua and the rich girl sit on '
              'location at Qingdao beach; when they start to talk, the '
              'backdrop suddenly is a weakly painted matte seascape (on a '
              'sound stage, I suppose); seconds later, the real sea is '
              'back.But still, this is a jolly good yarn, with memorable '
              "images (e.g. A-Feng's hot pants in her solo song in "
              'Qingdao...), so if you can stand archive quality (as opposed to '
              '"digitally remastered"), you might feel the same fascination as '
              'me.',
 'tt1006881': "A chance meeting with one of her brother's former schoolmates "
              'causes a terminally ill young woman to begin digging into her '
              "family's tragic past.This isn't quite the feelgood movie of "
              '2007, but some pretty strong performances from Bingbing Fan and '
              'Anthony Wong make this intimate mystery worth catching. I was '
              'somewhat unsatisfied by the ending, and the mystery is clunky '
              'in places, but the tone and vibrancy of the film cannot be '
              'denied.Watch it with someone you care about... as long as they '
              "don't mind a little bit of blood.",
 'tt1018102': 'I watched this movie as a substitution made in the last minute '
              'by the Hong Kong International Film Festival. In addition to '
              'the delight of finding that it was directed by Wang Xiaoshuai '
              '(whose "Qing hong" in 2005 won the "Prix du Jury" in Cannes), I '
              'also had the rare pleasure of going into a movie not knowing '
              "anything about it.As the story unfolded in Wang's usual slow "
              'pace, I was introduced to a modern-day couple in Beijing, '
              'graphic designer Lao Xie (Cheng Taisheng) and real estate '
              'saleswoman Mei Zhu (Liu Weiwei), together with 5-year-old '
              'daughter Hehe from her previous marriage. This would have been '
              'as happy as any cosmopolitan family you can find anywhere, with '
              'step- father and daughter regarding each other just as '
              'flesh-and-blood. The drama starts when Hehe is diagnosed with '
              "leukemia. Mei Zhu's divorced husband Xiao Lu (Zhang Jiayi), a "
              'building contractor, is called in right away. It is immediately '
              'apparent that while Mei Zhu is still a little bitter that the '
              'ex-husband who left her 4 years ago, the two men are on most '
              'civil terms with each other, while Hehe, only at 5, is quite '
              'mature and accepts the fact that she has two fathers \x96 the '
              'one looking after her (whom she loves), and the one who see her '
              'occasionally (whom she still likes). There is no villain in '
              'this movie.When tests show that neither of the blood parents is '
              'suitable as donor for bone marrow transplant, without which '
              "Hehe will have only two or three more years to live, Mei Zhu's "
              'sole purpose of living becomes saving the life of her daughter. '
              'Brought to understand that the best chance would be bone marrow '
              'from a sibling of the patient, she is convinced that having '
              'another child with her ex-husband is the only way to save '
              'Hehe.This is where the dramatic energy of the movie is '
              'unleashed. Xiao Lu is reluctant. He has also remarried, to a '
              'relatively younger woman, flight attendant Dong Fan (Yu Nan) '
              'who quite naturally wants to have a child with him. But as I '
              'said, there are no villains in this movie. Though not a saint '
              '(Lao Xie is close to being one), Dong Fan is not an '
              'unreasonable person. Her initial resistance to the scheme of '
              'having her husband impregnate his ex-wife is understandable. '
              'She eventually agrees, after meeting the little girl Hehe in '
              'person. The noblest sacrifice in from Lao Xie. Naturally he '
              'wants to have a child with Mei Zhu. National policy, however, '
              'allows only 2 children per family (used to be just one), '
              'meaning that if the scheme works, both children in his family '
              "will be from his wife's ex-husband. With the most cheerful "
              'disposition he can summon, he embraces the prospect, promising '
              'to love both children as his very own.The final dramatic turn '
              'comes when after in-vitro insemination failed repeatedly, Mei '
              "Zhu, in desperation and to Xiao Lu's shock, wants to go for the "
              'last resort - natural sex. This immediately brings to mind two '
              'similar (but also different) situations in movies: "Big Chill" '
              '(1983) and "Le temps qui reste" (2005).Before turning to the '
              'cast, a brief comment on the audio and visual experience. A '
              'good part of the movie is in quiet dialogue or complete (and at '
              'times lengthy) silence, punctuated only by occasional, '
              'scattered piano notes. For photography, instead of the '
              'mesmerizing, bleak but character-rich landscape of the Chinese '
              'countryside, we see mostly big cityscape, shot through what '
              'looks like a subdued light blue filter. Both approaches work '
              'well with the movie.The cast put in a great performance. Best '
              'is Liu Weiwei with her excellent portrayal of a woman with such '
              'a mild disposition that can almost be interpreted as timidity, '
              'until as a desperate mother, she delivers silent stares that '
              'can drive her ex-husband to do anything for her. Cheng Taisheng '
              'is heart-breaking as the husband whose selflessness is almost '
              "painful to watch. I didn't recognized Yu Nan who plays the "
              'young wife, until checking IMDb afterwards, as Tuya in "Tuya\'s '
              'marriage" (2006). Immediately my respect for this actress went '
              'up a few notches, recognizing the diversity of these two roles '
              'both of which she handles superbly. Completing the quartet is '
              'Zhang Jiayi, with his capable depiction of a man caught in a '
              'difficult situation, and the only character here that provides '
              'some brief moments of comic relief.Wang Xiaoshuai, just turning '
              '40, is among a group contemporary Chinese directors who stand '
              'firmly on their principle of putting their art ahead of the box '
              'office. They deserve the respect received from those audience '
              'that still look for stimulating cinematic experiences, rather '
              'than the vulgar, cheap entertainment provided by garbage such '
              'as "Curse of the golden flower".',
 'tt1020972': 'This is an extremely compelling and thought provoking film.It '
              'portrays the fate of a young woman who accepts a job offer in '
              'the countryside and finds she has been sold as a bride to a '
              'family in a remote village in modern day China.It is extremely '
              'realistic, my uninformed guess is that there were very few '
              'professional actors involved. All the characters seemed '
              'completely true to life.Village life in modern China is very '
              'accurately portrayed. The Chinese government is vigorously '
              'trying to stop the old cultural practice of young women being '
              'sold as brides but traditions sometimes die hard; especially in '
              'areas remote from centers of authority.Most interestingly the '
              'film revealed how Chinese people relate to authority. The '
              "villagers' reactions to visits from party officials and the "
              'police were right on the mark.I watched this with a woman who '
              'grew up in in a small village and she confirmed its unerring '
              'accuracy.There are many wonderful improvements in the life of '
              "most Chinese people. This film doesn't negate them; but shines "
              'a light on one facet that is heartbreaking in its '
              'injustice.Make sure you catch this classic.',
 'tt1025100': 'When I saw the trailer I thought "Yea, I already know exactly '
              'how the story goes, but the deaging effects look nice"So I went '
              'into it expecting not much, but at least some average '
              'entertainment. But oh boy, the movie is kinda hard to enjoy. '
              'The characters have no depth, the story is totaly bland and the '
              "action in it's best moments is super average.I was right on "
              'both my predictions. The trailer already tells you the whole '
              "story and it does feel like you've already seen it before. And "
              'also, the creation of a young Will Smith totaly worked.The '
              'script is horrible and you can easily notice the flaws. There '
              'are some super obvious setups that are so randomly thrown in '
              "that you know it's gotta be important later, just to then be "
              'disappointed that the payoff is even worse. Speaking of '
              '"Bees".Sometimes it feels like scenes are missing. Some '
              'actually important stuff just happens off-screen.The finale is '
              'disappointing and unspectacular and also the special effects '
              'are super whacky. People jump and run so fast that it looks '
              'like an early 2000s movie.Conclusion: Will Smith keeps picking '
              "mediocre movies, I can't recommend you watching this, I was "
              'really bored.',
 'tt1032763': "This movie would be great if it's concepts were original. The "
              'script is basically a mash up of several Hollywood '
              'concepts/twists which are by the way, very apparent to the '
              'viewer. The film felt dragged out a lot of the time.Kevin '
              "Spacey does what he does best. He's a well trained actor and it "
              'shows in his work. I think Daniel Wu did alright considering '
              'who his supporting actor was.There are ways to answer questions '
              "clearly and ways to answer them subtly (something the show 'Mad "
              "Men' does very well). This movie went for the latter and didn't "
              'do a very good job of it. It was confusing in a bad way, '
              "especially with how Daniel Wu's wife was portrayed.I will give "
              'a kudos to Spacey for stepping into the Chinese market before '
              "the rest of Hollywood's actors realize what early exposure "
              'there now could do for their global careers in the future.',
 'tt1032941': 'The story is set in a modern provincial industrial town in '
              'China. There are factories, steel furnaces, destroyed '
              'landscapes. Everywhere you see the results of exploitation of '
              'the physical environment in an attempt to escape poverty.This '
              'element of exploitation is shaping human relationships as well. '
              'In particular rape is the recurring theme of the film. All this '
              'is seen through the eyes of an unquestioning agent of '
              'government authority, a ruthless female jailer. In her '
              'uncharacteristic and futile quest for love she takes the '
              'regular night train to a dating agency in a nearby town.The '
              'film is shot in an understated way. Nothing seems exaggerated '
              'or hyped. I too was underwhelmed at first, but having seen it a '
              'couple of days ago I find images and scenes are still haunting '
              'me. And it was only in retrospect that I realized how desperate '
              'the ending was.As a portrait of a society hovering just above '
              'the poverty line it has a universal appeal that easily '
              'transcends its place of origin.',
 'tt1054024': 'Great story told in a touching way. As the saying goes "It '
              "takes a village to raise a child' or something like that. I "
              'cried most of the way through but I cry at lots of things! So '
              'simply and moving I had to comment. I hope to learn about the '
              'director and people involved in the making of this. I loved the '
              'Grandfather he is so touching and honest. Not sure what they '
              'are smoking in those pipes but it seems to work! A tale of life '
              'and learning. Well acted by a young girl in the main part. A '
              'movie that makes you feel very strongly about each person. My '
              'first time to make a comment. As you can see I"m not very good '
              'but hope everyone sees this movie and enjoys. Cheers',
 'tt1055300': 'Based upon the classic literature of Liao Zai, Painted Skin is '
              'an adaptation of one of the stories that dwell on fox spirits. '
              "If you're someone expecting either a supernatural spook fest, "
              'or an amalgamation of ghosts and kung fu, you might be '
              "disappointed to find out that it's actually a romance through "
              'and through, with complicated relationships all around that you '
              'can weave a complex web of love and lust amongst the players '
              'involved.Chen Kun plays Wang Sheng, a general whose army '
              'recently overrun the camp of a group of barbarians. In their '
              'battle, he rescues a beautiful girl from the grasp of the '
              'enemy, and brings her home out of pity and suggestive lust, '
              'given that she looks like Zhou Xun. OK, so Zhou Xun plays Xiao '
              'Wei, who unknowing to everyone else, is a fox spirit (touted '
              'always as beautiful beings in their human form) with an '
              'appetite for human hearts in order to maintain her beauty and '
              "youth.Thus begins a tussle for General Wang's heart by both "
              "Xiao Wei and Vicky Zhao's Pei Rong, who is the dutiful and "
              'demure wife of Wang Sheng. Pei Rong is indeed wary and '
              "beginning to suspect Xiao Wei's supernatural abilities when a "
              'spate of killings surface with her arrival, but with no proof, '
              'Xiao Wei starts to sow discord between the man and wife in '
              "order to try and become the new Mrs Wang. It's quite an "
              'interesting attempt through the characters to tell of the '
              'varying degrees and types of love, one of possession in Xiao '
              "Wei's ruthless means to reach her objective, and one of "
              'sacrificing for the love and well being of the other half, as '
              "established through Pei Rong's selfless courage.But that's not "
              'all. Throw in Donnie Yen as an ex-general Pang Yong, who also '
              'shares the hots for Pei Rong, and one time rival of Wang Sheng '
              'for her affections, a bumbling lowly ghostbuster Xia Bin (Sun '
              'Li) who is in possession of a fabled mythical weapon '
              '(opportunity to show off some special effects here, and quite a '
              'sight to behold too in its temporal usage) and denying her '
              'affections for Pang Yong, and Qi Yuwu as a lizard spirit whose '
              'infatuation with Xiao Wei ensures that she gets her fair share '
              'of food without the need to get her hands dirty. Connected the '
              'dots yet?Fans of Donnie Yen will probably be a tad disappointed '
              "by his limited screen appearance, and for the most parts he's "
              'either playing the joker, where his jokes will likely be lost '
              "in translation, going by the English subtitles that didn't "
              'manage to truly capture the essence of his lines, and the '
              'remaining screen time having to see him execute some action, '
              'but nothing groundbreaking and not seen before. We know what '
              'Donnie Yen can do, and perhaps in seeking some form of '
              'redemption, the story has a flashback scene where he dons armor '
              'yet again (anyone remember the dismal result of An Empress And '
              'Her Warriors) and does battle in a scene which Jackie Chan has '
              'already stamped his authority on.One could have expected the '
              'Gordon Chan is familiar with shooting decent action sequences, '
              "but you don't really get a lot of that in Painted Skin, save "
              'for some generic rooftop chase in the night, and a be all and '
              'end all finale where no punches got pulled, though it really '
              "got marred by all the tight shots that all you'd probably get "
              'to see is a blur. The narrative also got a little choppy in the '
              'mid section, and you do feel that a huge chunk of detail got '
              'summarized to keep it running generously under two hours, with '
              'subplots dropped that I suspect involved the growing affection '
              'and admiration between Pang Yong and Xia Bin, in order not to '
              'distract the audience from the main love triangle of Pang Yong, '
              'Xiao Wei and Pei Rong.All in all, this is recommended for Zhou '
              "Xun's face off with Zhao Wei, especially with the former "
              'playing the temptress role to perfection. The last where we saw '
              'two prominent Chinese actresses square off was between Zhang '
              'Ziyi and Gong Li in Memoirs of a Geisha. Otherwise, Painted '
              "Skin held a lot of promise, but didn't deliver that level of "
              'oomph in its final product, lapsing into mediocrity throughout.',
 'tt1064775': 'This is an incredibly humane film. After but 15 minutes into '
              "the film, you already feel like you've known the characters for "
              'a long time. You know what they feel, you know how they feel, '
              'and, more importantly, they feel so real. You just forget you '
              'are watching a movie. There are so many films that, no matter '
              'how much I love them (the Lord of the Rings, Sin City, Star '
              'Wars), no matter how much I empathise with their characters, '
              "well, I still know it's a film I'm watching. Not with this "
              'film. I kept feeling like I was in the Yunnan mountains walking '
              'by the characters, or like I was peeping through one of those '
              'ornate wooden windows and eavesdropping on their conversation. '
              'Judge Feng, the main character, is an old, humane judge, '
              'settling small disputes in the forlorn minority hamlets of the '
              "Yunnan mountains. Although he's there as the representative of "
              "an autocracy, he's incredibly Solomonic in his rulings, and "
              'greatly liked by the inhabitants of the mountain hamlets. '
              "Characters don't talk much, but you understand a lot. The best "
              "scene is when the judge and her aide talk whilst she's turning "
              "her back to him and washing a shirt. 'Your whole life can be "
              "summed up the time it takes to wash a shirt,' they say. Well, "
              "indeed so.A great film about man's fate. Probably one of the "
              "best I've ever seen. Highly recommended.",
 'tt1065330': 'hi I am Guruhulan Alvappillai when i was in Dalian,china i got '
              'a chanced to act in The . One Man Olympics movie in small scene '
              'thanks a lot for Director Hou Yong And team of One Man Olympics '
              'movie. shooting was happened in August 2007. i went to shooting '
              'spot totally 10 days still i remember this golden days.acted '
              'with ZhaolinLi,ShiLiang,DavidWu JoeBosco and others. My scene '
              'come when movie starts after 1 minutes and 30 seconds it was '
              'released on may 17 2008.Singer:Jackiechan we are all thanks to '
              'JackieChan sir forever.i really thanks to Producing manager '
              'WangZhePin Madam too.thanks to Dalian medical University too '
              'helping me to get this chanced to me.i always thankful to DMU '
              'and Director YONG HOU Sir...... i wish to all wherever you all '
              'live God bless of all of OneManOlympics Team Members who did '
              'hard work for this Movie----------------ThankYou '
              'IMDb---------------',
 'tt1071304': 'Xiao-Li (Hu Shuli) is a devoted housewife and an active member '
              'of her local Catholic church in the Henan farmlands of southern '
              'China. Her faith is put to the test as her husband (Zhang '
              'Xianmin) is hospitalized with respiratory illness due to unsafe '
              'working conditions, leaving his life clinging to an oxygen '
              "machine. Forced to work simple jobs to pay for her husband's "
              'hospital care, Xiao-Li takes her young daughter (Lu Shengyue) '
              'out of school, unable to pay for tuition. She finds support '
              'only from fellow members of her congregation. But will her '
              'faith and devotion be enough to save her family?Filmed with a '
              'beautiful eye for both vast rural landscapes and human '
              'intimacy, RAISED FROM DUST explores the lives of those rarely '
              "seen in modern-day China, and announces Gan Xiao'Er as a new "
              'major talent in world cinema.',
 'tt1073548': 'I guess topics which are taboo, or films that have their bans '
              'lifted, will more than likely have its audience base '
              'automatically built from the curiosity arising from its '
              'background, wondering on what grounds and rationale that such a '
              'film got made or banned in the first place. The Yasukuni shrine '
              'in Tokyo had its fair share of publicity coming from ex '
              "Japanese prime minister Koizumi's high profile visits to the "
              'shrine for worship, much to the disgust of neighbours China and '
              'Korea, because enshrined within those grounds, are some of the '
              'tried war criminals of WWII, whom to most in Asia, are not '
              'deemed to be martyrs, having started a campaign on aggression '
              "in the region.Depending on which camp you're standing in, there "
              'are two sides of the coin even from within a homogeneous '
              'society like Japan itself \x96 those who find it no big deal '
              'for their prime minister to visit the shrine at his own '
              'personal capacity, and those who find it wrong to do so. On a '
              'macro level, while it is easy to condemn those who partook in '
              'the war, from personal stories just like that in any society, '
              'there will always be those who have to do it against their '
              'will, and even some touching stories coming from the surviving '
              'siblings that their brothers get sent away, being quite clear '
              "that they'll never come back ever again.As a documentary, there "
              'is no lack of an educational value in it. There were plenty of '
              'nuggets of information for the military history buffs, and some '
              'of the things I learnt, was how Yasukuni itself has so much '
              'importance and relevance to Imperial Japan. For starters, I '
              'learnt that swords have an indelible connection to the army and '
              'to the shrine, given that sword forgers from the shrine made '
              'their swords on those very grounds, and officers at the '
              'frontline are bestowed one each. This equates to quality swords '
              'running in the thousands being made. Of course, these swords '
              'are infamous for being tools used to behead countless of '
              'victims, and some of these atrocities get publicized as bravery '
              'contests amongst officers.And the significance of the sword is '
              'so important, that within the shrine, the object of worship is '
              'none other than one Yasukuni sword which is used to represent '
              'the more than 2 million souls who were lost in the war, '
              'fighting for the Emperor, which of course amongst that figure, '
              'things are not all that clear, with various groups lobbying for '
              'things such as removal of names and enshrining of their '
              'ancestors, because they were either forced to conscript, or '
              "some aren't even Japanese to begin with. It's hard to imagine "
              '\x96 2 millions souls \x96 captured into one single sword, and '
              'if this was a martial arts world we live in, that would be one '
              'heck of a powerful sword.But as a movie, there were a lot more '
              'to be desired. Granted when dealing with topics of controversy, '
              'answers during interviews are not bound to be forthcoming, '
              "given the director's attempt to elicit some candid remarks from "
              "the sole remaining Yasukuni sword forger who's already into his "
              '90s. Interviews with his subjects also seem to be more from the '
              'man on the street, and thus dilutes some of the expected '
              'quality in the answers, which some might allude to talk that '
              "you'll hear from coffeeshops, some of which might be "
              'entertaining for its point blank accusations, such as the '
              'British National Museum being a storage space for goods '
              'plundered all over the world. I chuckled at this comment '
              "because this is not the first time I'm hearing it, as I've "
              'heard it before from a Brit on a tour telling all tourists that '
              "same thing as well (he's a tour guide by the way).Most of the "
              'time, the camera lingers in and around the grounds of the '
              "shrine on August 15, since it's the day designated as a "
              'remembrance, and you have various military groups coming on '
              'site to pay their respects, as will other civil groups and '
              'protesters as well, thus making it fertile grounds for opposing '
              'members of the groups to come into blows, verbally or '
              'physically, in trying to force their viewpoints on the other. '
              "One thing's for sure though, that groups are passionate in "
              'their beliefs, and no words get minced in their '
              "shout-outs.However, the film doesn't go beyond what's shown on "
              'the surface. It seems quite contented in capturing events of '
              'the day, like a newsreel, but without any further input on how '
              'and why such events, shots and the inclusion of such scenes '
              'mattered. There was an extended scene involving an American who '
              'was flag waving (the stars and stripes) on the grounds to mixed '
              'reactions from the Japanese people, as well as dwelling on '
              'incidents such as the Taiwanese indigenous groups wanting to '
              'reclaim the souls of their ancestors. But alas further '
              'interviews to pick the minds of these folks were not done \x96 '
              'maybe the request to interview them was unsuccessful?So while '
              'it had some ingredients to make it more than worthwhile to sit '
              'through 2 hours of a film revolving around the Yasukuni shrine '
              'and movement, its presentation could have been a lot stronger. '
              'The narrative got quite messy and all over the place, never '
              'having a primary focus, but flitted around as and when it found '
              'convenience. I felt the ending was rather week because of its '
              'reliance on commonly seen archival stock images and videos, but '
              'on the whole, an impressive effort and courage to explore '
              'something controversial and touchy even until today.',
 'tt1087834': 'This is very subtle and touching movie that brings up the '
              'memories of growing up with perfectly synched music and '
              'thoughtful camera-work.I do not understand how someone can rate '
              "this movie so low as it is now on IMDb.If you like 80's Hou "
              'Hsia Hsien coming of age films or the earliest films of '
              'Satyajit Ray like Pather Panchali you for sure have come to the '
              'right place here. I just wish to come across more movies like '
              'this.Here is some more detailed description from the review of '
              'Michael Sicinski from the The University of Houston: "Along a '
              'sleepy Hunan riverside, two delinquent boys experience a summer '
              "of love and violence in Yang Heng's visually stunning debut.Ali "
              'and Xiao Yu are two teenage rebels idling away their days along '
              'the banks of a river in Jishou, a quiet town in Hunan province. '
              'They steal motorbikes, bully and rob kids, sing karaoke and get '
              'into fist fights outside the local internet bar. But their '
              'rough exterior belies a deeper romanticism, and a tenderness '
              'unfolds between them and their teenage loves. As one day bleeds '
              'into the next in this impoverished rural setting, it becomes '
              'apparent that these sun-baked days of misspent youth will be '
              'the wildest, freest time of their lives.These everyday subjects '
              'are transformed by a groundbreaking digital cinematography '
              'unlike any other Chinese film. Alternating deep-focus with bold '
              'flatness, Yang explores spaces with a mastery that recalls both '
              'classical Chinese and modernist landscape painting. Filmed in a '
              'summery palette with images that give off an otherworldly glow, '
              "BETELNUT offers a one-of-a-kind vision of what it's like to be "
              'young, poor and free in China. "Yang is a first-class visual '
              'stylist, and BETELNUT is far and away the most exciting debut '
              'film I\'ve seen all year." (Michael Sicinski, The University of '
              'Houston)',
 'tt1092634': 'Shanghai impressed me as a very well-made film. This tale of '
              'espionage and double dealing kept me hooked throughout. '
              'Shanghai compels the viewer to pay attention in order to piece '
              'together a jumble of unclear relationships and alliances. There '
              'are many acts of betrayal in the story and they unfold from '
              'start to finish. The film also gets high marks for its '
              'depiction of pre-World War II Shanghai. The audience get a good '
              'visual sense of the cosmopolitan characteristics of the city '
              'and in fact, even its delights, like its bars and casinos, '
              'compare favorably with those in other modern cities. The acting '
              'in this film deserves commendation. Though I am not much of a '
              'John Cusack fan, I found his performance believable and not '
              'overdone. Li Gong and Yun Fat-Chow are also well cast. Their '
              'demeanor came across as natural. I would recommend this film to '
              'anyone without reservation.',
 'tt1094286': 'Wuyong means useless in Chinese language.This is a film about '
              'some textile workers who are considered useless by Chinese '
              'society as it is felt that Chinese market situation favors mass '
              'production of goods including clothes.This is one reason why '
              'people who make clothes which do not come under "mass '
              'production" category are considered useless.For his documentary '
              'film "Wuyong",Chinese cinema acclaimed author Jia Zhang Ke '
              'takes us on a sensuous journey from rural China to Paris and '
              'back to weave an elegant tale which might be considered too '
              'avant-gardist for some casual viewers.This is shown by '
              'depicting a young woman globe trotter fashion designer who is '
              'against mass production of clothes.It is good to hear her fable '
              'like arguments against mass production of goods especially at a '
              'time when Chinese nation is trying really hard to make its '
              'presence felt in international market for clothes and '
              'fashion.It is a good sign for Chinese economy that major '
              'international clothing brands can be seen in China.The lack of '
              'a certain thematic link and a complete absence of narration '
              "might be considered as this film's major shortcomings.",
 'tt1097256': 'This lovely documentary makes it very obvious that there is '
              'hardly any difference between an "Experimental Election" '
              'recently took place in a Chinese elementary school and the '
              '"Real Thing". The step-by-step processes of nomination, '
              "campaigning, debating, and voting shows that 'Democracy in "
              "Action' could be very exciting, unpredictable, and, most "
              'definitely cruel. One of the best parts of the film was the way '
              'the three nominees were coached by their parents; this '
              'behind-the-scenes staging was very well captured by the '
              "director. The parents' very ambitious preparation of their "
              "children confirmed that there are lots of Karl Rove's on hand "
              'willing to provide help to win an election. Visual quality of '
              'the picture is also exceptionally good. Anyone who is '
              'interested in "Democracy", "Elections", and "Voting" must see '
              'this gem. Highly recommend it.',
 'tt1102265': 'This film is a simple and direct portrayal of the lives of '
              'urban Chinese women in the interior of China - here Sichuan '
              'province. It is a world of quiet desperation as they struggle '
              'to survive and find meaning in a world filled with unreliable '
              'men, irresponsible employers and indifferent government. The '
              'gritty portrayal of Zigong City is particularly memorable. It '
              'shows a life with although far from wealthy is neither '
              'necessarily poor so much as uncomfortable and inconvenient and '
              'almost, but not quite, hopeless. Even though it does not have a '
              'strong plot line it is nevertheless completely involving. It is '
              "currently available for rent on Amazon's Video-On-Demand.",
 'tt1102364': 'A master of the Wudang style is poisoned by Japanese fighters '
              "because they couldn't defeat him in an honest fight. His "
              'daughter (Lin Quan) is repeatedly attacked, too. In one '
              'remarkable scene, she spares the life of an injured and '
              'defenseless enemy and obtains valuable information in return, '
              'for he realizes she is an honorable opponent. She escapes and '
              'goes to see her uncle who lives far away in the mountains. '
              'After he taught her some powerful new techniques, she returns '
              'to have her revenge on the Japanese.The strong points of the '
              'movie are the fight scenes (no jumping to tree-tops, no wire '
              'tricks, just the real hits and kicks, totally believable) and '
              'the great landscapes which are well photographed. On the other '
              'hand, the Anti-Japanese propaganda seems a bit overdone to an '
              "European audience who doesn't watch Kungfu flicks for the "
              'politics. But that is naturally a point an Asian audience will '
              "feel different about, so I'll ignore that and give 7 of 10 "
              'stars, anyway.',
 'tt1103963': "This review is primarily in response to Barry Freed's, whose "
              'take on the film is so wildly different from mine it makes me '
              'wonder if we saw the same movie.I LOVED this movie. I think the '
              'quasi-documentary style is wholly winning and adds a lot to the '
              "story. As far as defending Jia's decision not to do a "
              '"traditional" documentary, I guess I just have to give him the '
              'benefit of the doubt. If he had wanted to do a "traditional" '
              'documentary, then he would have done so. I feel that Jia is an '
              'accomplished enough artist that I can assume he has an '
              'instinctive sense of what will best serve a particular story. '
              'Clearly, in this instance, he decided on a fact/fiction '
              '"blend", and to my mind, he made the right call.While watching '
              "this, I couldn't help but think of Werner Herzog and his theory "
              'of "ecstatic truth" ("I know that by making a clear distinction '
              'between "fact" and "truth" in my films, I\'m able to penetrate '
              'into a deeper stratum of truth that most films never attain. '
              'This deep inner truth inherent in cinema can be discovered only '
              'by not being bureaucratically, politically, and mathematically '
              'correct." - W. Herzog). While I\'m not (necessarily) making a '
              'comparison between Zhang-ke and Herzog, I feel that they are '
              'very much after the same thing. Whether an essential truth can '
              'be best conveyed using actors or non-actors, using a '
              'documentary or drama approach, etc. are questions that both '
              'directors obviously struggle with, and I feel that they have '
              'come to similar conclusions. They (to my mind) have opted to '
              'fuse the two approaches, in an attempt to remove intellectual '
              'and emotional barriers between the people on-screen and the '
              'people in the audience. And more often than not, that approach '
              'works, and works in a very powerful way.Finally, I thought the '
              'performances, without exception, were utterly devastating and '
              "mind-blowing. I don't know what Jia does to his actors to get "
              'performances of that caliber, but whatever it is, he needs to '
              'keep it up. I think this is an excellent companion-piece to '
              '"Still Life", and a beautiful addition to his body of work. '
              'Masterful.',
 'tt1110246': 'Chinese villagers try to defend against marauding Japanese '
              'troops by building a network of tunnels in their villages.It '
              "doesn't work.So the villagers use intelligence and teamwork to "
              'prepare for a second attack...This film is a favorite of many '
              'Chinese today.Most have seen it in schools or on TV.The '
              'subtitles are pretty good compared to those on other films from '
              'this era.This works not only as an entertaining war movie but a '
              'glimpse in another era and mindset.',
 'tt1123373': 'It had been a while since I had seen a Tsui Hark movie. I now '
              'feel remiss in not better keeping up with his career.Detective '
              'Dee is fantastic! The visuals are stunning. The sweeping, epic '
              'scenery and the HUGE set pieces transported me fully into the '
              'era of the Tang Dynasty. I was impressed by the CGI, often '
              'having trouble distinguishing where the real, physical parts of '
              'the set ended and the computer generated world began. The '
              'cinematography is superb.The story was complex but still '
              'digestible. The filmmakers threw up enough red herrings to keep '
              'me guessing while making it believable that Detective Dee could '
              "solve the case without huge leaps in logic.I found Andy Lau's "
              'performance effective, but was particularly impressed by Carina '
              'Lau who played Empress Wu. Her performance was both subtle and '
              'powerful. She was mesmerizing anytime she was on screen.As for '
              'the fight scenes, well... wow. I mean, really, WOW! The '
              'complexity of the final fight between Dee and the person he '
              'figures out committed the crime made fight scenes in the Bourne '
              "series look like child's play. Seriously. Now, there was wire "
              'work - I know some people really dislike that stuff in Kung Fu '
              'style movies, but it really worked in this setting. I hope '
              'people will give this one a chance. I really thought Detective '
              'Dee was fantastic!',
 'tt1124052': 'I finished watching this film two hours ago and the punch in '
              "the stomach I received watching it still hurts. I don't recall "
              'having received such a punch in my 60 or so years of film '
              'watching. Unlike films such as "Schindler\'s List" or "Empire '
              'of the Sun", this film does not take sides. It\'s like a candid '
              'camera operated by an invisible grand master hidden in the '
              "crowd or the rubble. It's just there recording events. As a "
              'result, despite the fact that it focuses on the big picture, '
              'the individual is not lost: Both the Chinese and the Japanese, '
              'each and every one of them, in huge crowds are real believable '
              'characters. This gives the viewer a grand and horrible sense of '
              'presence which is what makes it so painful. It would take '
              'courage to watch it again.',
 'tt1135971': 'Though the story is fictional, the event described in this '
              'movie is real, and many cases actually happened in real life in '
              'China. In most of these cases, the blackmailers were caught and '
              'sentenced to serve times in jail, while at the same time, many '
              'families also broke up due to the affairs the lonely wives left '
              'behind.What is not described in the movie is another tragedy of '
              'this (illegal) immigration: even when the wives left behind was '
              'finally able to go abroad to unite with their husbands, the '
              'marriage is already damaged and ended in divorce. Divorce in '
              'foreign land with unfamiliar custom took further tolls on the '
              'people involved',
 'tt1156506': 'Reading the reviews on here where they are bashing the original '
              "leads me to think there's some Asian biasness. I've seen both "
              "and I can honestly say that the original is better but that's "
              'not to say that the other film is "bad and stupid", unlike all '
              "the other reviewers' style of commentary.Some reviews critique "
              "Chris Evans' character and compare and contrast with that of "
              "Louis Koo's character, which is totally fine but they also fail "
              'to illustrate the diverging choices made by two different '
              'directors in the two movies. They are not identical even if '
              'their story for the most part remains unchanged. Since there '
              'are far too many differences to list them all here, I have '
              'decided to narrow down some particulars.Both Chris Evans and '
              "Louis Koo's characters face intense pressure in their "
              'respective movies. In the original, there is humour, there is '
              'danger and there is fun. Connected, on the other hand, is much '
              "more serious and I don't really remember a whole lot of humour "
              'in it. Both films do have their moments of adrenaline rushes '
              'which is what these movies should do.There are some changes '
              'with regards to character. Louis Koo, unlike Chris Evans, is a '
              'father, with a son that he rarely gets to see, due to work. '
              'This movie also has a supporting character but she is actually '
              'blood-related to the main character, unlike the original '
              '"Cellular" movie.While both movies have corrupt cops, the main '
              'character in "Cellular" does not actually meet the corrupt cop '
              'until the very end and even then he had good instincts to know '
              "who he was dealing with. Louis Koo's character on the other "
              'hand actually makes a near-fatal mistake in the washroom. The '
              '"Connected" director at the beginning of the movie questions '
              'the "plausibility" of some of the original film\'s scenes, yet '
              'he seems to be okay that the good guy is totally allowed to '
              'live after being surrounded by dirty cops in an enclosed '
              'washroom. Because that will truly happen in real life too - '
              'especially if you are holding evidence against them.To me, it '
              'seems like the director of Connected has a bit of a hate-on for '
              'the original movie and wanted to one-up it, when in reality, '
              'they should be looked as if they are two different films with a '
              'similar type of script. If you like a fun flick with a decent '
              'story and a "feel good" movie, go with "Cellular". If you like '
              'a more serious story with character development, watch '
              '"Connected". But to me, I think both movies deserve to be '
              'watched at least once.',
 'tt1173568': 'I guess in movies with sports themes, it is never really much '
              'about the goal and the destination, but rather the journey the '
              'characters take in finding strengths amongst themselves, shore '
              'up weaknesses and collectively present and mount a challenge, '
              "that makes it compelling viewing. And it's little surprise that "
              'Slam fits into this mould and what resulted is a thoroughly '
              'enjoyable film on schoolyard pride, camaraderie and 3 on 3 '
              'basketball.It is almost a no brainer to want to compare Slam '
              'with the other recent basketball movie effort from Asia, Kung '
              'Fu Dunk. While the target audience might be different with the '
              'latter appealing more to fans of Jay Chou, Slam has a more '
              "universal appeal and easily identifiable themes that don't "
              'pretend to be anything more than they are. There are many '
              'aspects in Slam that makes it a far more superior basketball / '
              "sports themed movie, and I'd probably incur the wrath of many "
              'fans if I were to state that the music here by Machi '
              "Entertainment outscores Jay Chou's rap on tofu (Swordsman Chou "
              'by the way) from the 3 point line (check out "Nothing is '
              'Impossible" to keep that adrenaline pumping, from the official '
              'website).The relationships between the characters here also '
              'felt more down to earth, probably without the "star appeal" '
              'factor to take the attention away from the collective, with the '
              'relatively new protagonists given almost equal opportunity in a '
              'sport that emphasizes on teamwork, rather than the sole '
              'fixation in executing a particular move in the various '
              'permutations possible. In that respect, the moves here were '
              'sans Kung Fu and wire work stunts, keeping it very much '
              'grounded to reality, and of course, believable, while at the '
              'same time, entertaining with nifty executions. However, those '
              'who cannot tolerate MTV-styled quick edits might find something '
              'to gripe about here, but I thought those hand-held shots '
              'employed fit the premise of the game, not the standard court '
              'games that you watch on television, but the quicker in pace 3 '
              'on 3 street game, giving it a feeling of raw energy somehow, '
              'especially coming from a team of youthful exuberance.At its '
              'core, Slam contains a simple losers versus bullies storyline, '
              'and one between the haves and the have-nots. Mouth (Lin Xiao '
              "Fan) is your typical introverted kid who's having major "
              'troubles with his non performance in his schoolwork, while '
              'nursing a high school crush on the prettiest (and smartest too) '
              'girl in school Xiao Xiao (Zhao Wenqi). But his passion for the '
              'basketball game sees him train by walking around with weights '
              'attached to his legs, and shooting hoops with good friend '
              'Monkey (Zhang Yi Shan), whose cousin Jason (Andrew Chou aka '
              'Machi Di Di from the Taiwanese hip hop group Machi) completes '
              'the trio. And as you may have it, the one-dimensional bullies, '
              'led by Li Wei (Wang Wei) of "The Hawks", take every opportunity '
              'to stir trouble with our motley gang, inside and out of the '
              'basketball court.Sound quite familiar? Yes it does, and in any '
              "self-respecting sports movie, there's a well made training "
              'montage to inspirational, beat-pumping music too. But what '
              'shines here are the earnest portrayals, and not for one minute '
              'I felt that the actors were trying too hard to act their roles, '
              'but were quite natural in fleshing out their respective '
              'characters, so much so that they endear and are likable enough '
              'for you to root for them all the way, and not only when the '
              'time came for it, like the big games. Needless to say with '
              'teenagers in the brew, parents too come into the picture, and '
              'there were some subtle reminders on developing the potential of '
              'a child, and that need not necessarily come from books alone. '
              'And furthermore, to do so by teaching them to combat '
              'self-doubt.Succinctly put, Slam is a simple to follow story '
              'with excellent delivery that worked remarkably. It took a while '
              'for the main action to come to the foreground, but when it did, '
              "for casual / non-basketball players like myself, you'll "
              'probably find yourself wide-eyed at the level of energy exuded, '
              'and wanting to shoot some hoops with friends too, replicating '
              'the moves being an optional. Should Goal be used as an epitome '
              'of a good football movie, then Slam will be in my list as one '
              'for a good street basketball film. Highly recommended!',
 'tt1175523': 'Luo Jiang and Guihua, a poor, middle-aged couple with few '
              'prospects, decide to buy an 11- year-old girl, Xiao Ezi (aka '
              '"Little Moth"), for $140 in rural China. Xiao Ezi\'s life is in '
              'peril, as she is forced to earn money for her new parents as a '
              'beggar while suffering from a blood disease that leaves her '
              'unable to walk. Her greedy adoptive father, Luo Jiang, refuses '
              "to buy her medicine, while Guihua's growing maternal affection "
              'wracks her with guilt. After a run-in with local extortionists, '
              'the three flee into the territory of the unsavory Mr. Yang, '
              'whose one-armed boy Xiao Chun is also forced to beg. Inevitably '
              'the grownups take turns taking advantage of each other, giving '
              'the children a rare opportunity to develop a protective bond '
              'with one another.With virtually no budget, a hand-held digital '
              'camera and a cast of non-professionals, Peng Tao turns the '
              'sordid street life of small town China into a chain-reaction '
              'tale of human cruelty and unforgettable suspense. LITTLE MOTH '
              '"melds the anger and storytelling scope of Dickens, the '
              'doc-influenced immediacy and sensitive gaze of the Dardenne '
              'brothers, and the best tendencies of recent Chinese cinema." '
              '(Robert Koehler, Variety).',
 'tt1201637': 'When a family man drives his taxi car into the Yangtze river '
              'and his body disappears, wife and teenager son are left to take '
              'care of an injured hooker that was riding the taxi at the time '
              'of the accident. The premise is strange for a western mind. I '
              'guess the Chinese culture has its traditional ways of dealing '
              'with tort.How the threesome interrelate is what the film is '
              'about. There are a few additional ancillary characters that are '
              'necessary for us to better understand the three principals, but '
              'the attention is on the latter. The gradually changing '
              "relations are finely observed. The son's increasing fixation on "
              "the hooker. The mother's loss of control of a son that is "
              "coming of age. The hooker's experienced observation of the "
              "people around her. It's slow placed but almost never boring.At "
              'the end, the so far moody treatment is upset by an attempt to '
              'resolve a minor mystery that by then had become superfluous. '
              'Poor idea. It would have been fine to leave it unresolved. The '
              'tightened narrative comes close to resorting to well-used '
              'formulas and breaking up its hard won spell. As we reach the '
              'closing scenes, the film regains its composure and only hints '
              'at a solution.The director calls his style "poetic realism". A '
              'style that feels a little bit self-indulgent -- to take a hint '
              'from the title -- but in the sure hands of the director, it '
              'pulls us in close to the life, thoughts and feelings of the '
              'characters.The gorgeous piano music composed for the film is a '
              'perfect accompaniment. The vocal piece apparently was an '
              'instant popular success in China a few years ago.This is a '
              'second in a series of three filmed in the same city along the '
              'Yangtze river. The first was called "Curiosity Kills the Cat". '
              'The third should be released by 2009.',
 'tt1214973': 'Setting in a northern county of China in late 80s and early 90s '
              'of last century, this movie is about a few ordinary people who '
              'dreamed to become artists, who are stubborn enough to fight for '
              'their dreams, but eventually give in to the mundane life. This '
              "is a somehow identical theme appeared in the director's "
              'previous award-winning film "Peacock". Nevertheless, this is a '
              'totally different story.Well written and directed, this is one '
              'of the best movies of China of the year. What makes this movie '
              "magnificent is that although it's a sad story, the director was "
              'able to add in some delicate and somehow absurd humor, pushing '
              'you to the edge of breaking your heart.One thing worth to '
              'mention is that the leading actress, Wenli Jiang, is in fact '
              "the director's wife, who is very beautiful in reality but "
              'appeared to be ugly in the movie.',
 'tt1230424': "Don't be put off by the fact that this movie is adapted from a "
              'manga (comic book) written by Masahito Soda. On the other hand, '
              "don't expect too much of it either. The manga is reportedly "
              "about a young dancer's quest to combine ballet and breakdance - "
              'but you are not going to be floored by its dance moves, '
              'especially if you are a dance enthusiast yourself.As children, '
              'Subaru and her twin brother Kazuma share a dream of dancing '
              'ballet together. This is not to be as Kazuma dies of a '
              'hereditary disease that has also killed their mother. Subaru, '
              'however, is determined to pursue that dream alone - and she '
              "sneaks into a cabaret to watch the dancers.Subaru's (Meisa "
              'Kuroki) enthusiasm is noticed by cabaret club owner and retired '
              'ballerina Madam Isuzu (Kaori Momoi) who trains and encourages '
              'her to dance. Meanwhile, she also takes lessons from the mother '
              'of her classmate Mana (Sano Miku) and even gets a nudge or two '
              'from a friend named Liz Park (Korean actress Ara) who is also '
              'involved in the world of break-dancing.With so much going her '
              'way, Subaru nevertheless has obstacles: her demons, her health '
              'and a father who wants her to go to college. The crunch comes '
              'when Subaru has to audition in Shanghai, China, for a student '
              "scholarship...You don't have to be familiar with the ballet "
              'world to realize that the story is pure hokum! In real life, no '
              'one is going out of their way to get anyone to dance '
              'professionally and compete against oneself. Even in the name of '
              'art or to mitigate boredom! However, director Lee Chi Ngai, who '
              'also wrote the screenplay, seems adept at warming up to the '
              'audience despite the wooden performance of lead star Kuroki. '
              'Indeed, Kuroki may look sexy and alluring but there is no '
              'chemistry whatsoever between her and her co-stars.Among the '
              'cast, Ara is the most outstanding and easily steals the show '
              'from Kuroki. So does Momoi at various scenes. The '
              'cinematography by Takuro Ishizaka is first class, though. On '
              "the whole, Subaru is young and sweet, and only 17, but she's no "
              'Dancing Queen!',
 'tt1245719': 'Many questions marks of huge size why this was not in '
              'mainstream movie house but only one, two screenings during a '
              'film festival celebrating the 60th anniversary of the Chinese '
              'communist rule? Jiarui Zhang successfully captures the odour, '
              'the presence of the 1970s in the first part of the story '
              'displaying even the film technicality of(ambiance, colour of '
              'the film etc) that era. The story though is not without fault, '
              'the acting rescues the project. And so, the success more or '
              'less is also ascribed to it. Nick Cheung (HK Film Award 2009 – '
              'Best Actor) has proved what he deserves, his acting matures as '
              'time goes by. Jingchu Zhang is a stunning gem as she is able to '
              'play the role of a much younger girl at the age of 28. Loletta '
              'Lee is yet another surprise. At 43 and after such a long '
              'absence, the female veteran can still fight a good battle, her '
              'girlish look is a rivalry between that of Zhang.The border town '
              'exhibits the present China-Vietnam relationship, especially '
              'while the former is becoming more influential in that part of '
              'the world. Besides, the tradition of Yao-ethnic group (e.g. '
              'wedding), the affection of A Tao towards A Xia (which he felt '
              "in hindsight and can never reciprocated), crime boss Sha Ba's "
              'care and love to the young girl, they are all delicately '
              'told.Just a wild guess that the production team might have to '
              'consider income and the worldwide market, otherwise, Sha Ba and '
              'A Shui actually would be better played by Mainland Chinese or '
              'even Vietnamese actors but not those from Hong Kong. (It has '
              'been purported that Tran Nu Yên-Khê, the wife of Anh Hung Tran, '
              'has been invited to take up the role of A Shui. Only that her '
              'schedules did not permit.) The three Hong Kong actors needed to '
              'try very hard to speak Putonghua, the local dialect and also '
              "Vietnamese.It's a movie you'd enjoy but it's also a movie with "
              'an ending that breaks your heart.',
 'tt1247700': 'Made in 2008 and released in 2009 this is one of those films '
              'that are guaranteed to leave not a dry eye in the house. It is '
              'about a young boy called LU who has been orphaned but a poor '
              'bamboo farmer, Chen, takes him in and uses him as a helping '
              'hand in his run down house. Then one day they spot a mother '
              'panda with two twin cubs and both are fascinated by the '
              'beautiful creatures. However, Chen is a bit short on cash and '
              'he knows a man who will pay handsomely for a live baby panda – '
              'and you can guess what happens next.This is an amazing film and '
              'they used real pandas. This has drama, heartbreak, love and a '
              'nice eco massage too. I was moved to tears on one occasion it '
              'was so gut wrenching but I simply enjoyed this as if I were a '
              'child. Hopefully films like this will help in spreading the '
              'message of how important it is to stop these wonderful animals '
              'from becoming extinct. It is in Mandarin and the sub titles are '
              'good, this is for those who still have an inner child and need '
              'to let it out once in a while or just if you like well made '
              'films.',
 'tt1258181': 'I know that this is a Chinese movie, but the looks and feel of '
              'the movie is like that of a Korean movie.Everything about this '
              "movie doesn't look like a Hong Kong movie. Maybe because the "
              'actors are not from Hong Kong, but the buildings, the streets, '
              "all look like it's another city. Then again, maybe it wasn't "
              'shot in Hong Kong, but who knows. So this was a very unique '
              'viewing experience for me. The story, and the characters are '
              "like Korean movie too. It's about two pairs of lovers who are "
              'going to college, and not much happens to them. They go about '
              'living their every day life, and twists and turns in their life '
              'strengthen their love for one another.Jimmy Lin and Liu Yifei '
              'stars in this movie. This movie looks like it was made with '
              'their fans in mind. The story and the acting is thin, but the '
              "movie's production is high quality, and hides other short "
              'coming of this movie.',
 'tt1258240': 'The 8 might be too high; however the film does establish its '
              'primary theme that the USA requires stronger educational values '
              'to compete in a global economy.One major reason I choose to '
              "review this hinges on the fact that I've actually lived with "
              'locals in both Bangalore India and Shanghai China. I was 19 '
              'years old in backpacking independently in Asia for 6 months. I '
              'was invited to stay with family by a student and his sister. I '
              'think they wanted to learn English better and I could learn '
              'about the lifestyle of the locals. Note that in 1985 it was '
              'illegal to stay with the local Chinese. We had to stay in '
              'special tourist hotels. I brought this Chinese student with me '
              'to Suzhou - a very nice city. The boy went crazy having so much '
              'freedom. I felt like I was babysitting him and even though I '
              'planned to take him Hangzhou I made him go back to his Dad. USA '
              'kids are much more mature in many respects when it comes to '
              'independence. Even though this might be the case for some, the '
              'film does state USA students spend 1500 hours in front of the '
              'TV and only 900 hours in class.Another strong point is '
              'direction of education presenting narrow views of the American '
              'majority. An expert referred to recent Chinese history as '
              '"Communist Insanity." Another so called expect stated that he '
              'hoped USA incomes would rise not just the 20-30% for the '
              'educated but for everyone. Surely statistics could show that '
              'the strict capitalist method is really enriched the top few '
              'percentage, at the express of the masses. Americans consume '
              'about twice the energy than Europe and other developed - '
              'technological counties. Americans may soon realize there hay '
              'day of waste is about over.The movie also fails to address that '
              'times are changing. This may require a change in educational '
              'values. The prior push for growth-growth-growth is impossible '
              'to sustain - especially when tied to limited resources. Again, '
              'the globe is changing rapidly.I will conclude by saying I liked '
              'seeing the lives of others in major cities outside the USA. The '
              'Americans looked like uninspired youth that fit the model of '
              'television programs. On the other hand, at least one of the '
              'Chinese students seemed a bit forced into working so '
              'hard.Thanks for the documentary.',
 'tt1258623': "I think that there are no perfect movies, so I don't give 10s. "
              "This movie is one of the best I've seen in a long time.I found "
              'the movie by accident while visiting Beijing. I just bought it '
              "on DVD (extremely cheap in China).I didn't watch the movie for "
              'half a year, because the front cover was just little boring. '
              "However I don't regret doing it now.Great movie, about love, "
              'and relationships. It is quite realistic, and captures the '
              'essence of true relationships in life.It did not have any '
              'pretentious crap in it like Hollywood movies always have. I '
              'hate happy endings just to have a happy ending. Sadly I have '
              'not seen this film almost anywhere in distribution. Sometimes I '
              'feel that the ordinary consumer is an idiot not to demand stuff '
              'like this...',
 'tt1267272': 'This is a film greatly deserving of more attention than the few '
              'garnered views its thus far accumulated. In Hunan province, a '
              'Chinese minority group, live a destitute and harsh existence in '
              'the high reaches of a western mountain range. Central to their '
              'existence, and indeed the film, is their constant hardship to '
              'obtain the vital commodity at the base of the mountain; water. '
              'The film uses outside or estranged protagonists to tell '
              'something of a drama, there is something of a subtle political '
              'undertone, but the crux of the story is the endurance of the '
              'people within their demanding landscape. The film uses '
              'non-professional actors in an effective social realist style to '
              'tell an engaging story. That is then layered with an eerie art- '
              'house feel delivered through a quite broody sound and a voice '
              'over narration, which worked surprisingly well. Some '
              'questionable editing in places, but given the conceivable remit '
              'of the film, this a real feat of a film.',
 'tt1270797': "I don't know what's going on with all the negative reviews. "
              'People are really hard to please! \n'
              'I went to see that movie without any real expectations and I '
              'thoroughly enjoyed it. \n'
              'Tom Hardy does a fantastic jobVenom is an interesting and fun '
              'characterThe plot is fairly classic for this type of movie; '
              'nothing good or bad about itThe special effects are great - I '
              'loved the transformation scenes.Overall, I recommend it if you '
              'like the genre, want to have a good time with a dose of '
              "laughters and aren't overly hard to please.",
 'tt1271985': "Watching the movies in the festival to date, it's quite amazing "
              'how the first or early films of the directors in attendance are '
              'of immense quality, and whilst Joe Chow may be the youngest in '
              'the country currently, his Shi Qi definitely stood out as if it '
              'was a movie made by an assured veteran at the helm. Set amongst '
              'the She minority tribe, this film is essentially a mother and '
              "son story which I felt I haven't seen much of (usually "
              "father-son), and with the casting of Joan Chen, it's no doubt "
              'that her star factor would have helped piqued curiosity about '
              "this film.At its core, it's about the said relationship between "
              'titular character Shi Qi (Sam Chow) who at the onset we see is '
              "at odds with his mother's perhaps stifling upbringing, and one "
              'made complicated by Shi Qi being abandoned to foster parents '
              'when he was a toddler, and reclaimed by Mom when he was 10. To '
              'add fuel to the resentment, his foster parents have adopted his '
              'childhood friend Tian Yi (Vision Wei) instead, and watching him '
              "grow up with opportunities that could've been his own, just "
              "leaves a bad taste as he's stuck rooted in the village by Mom, "
              "and can't express his frustrations other than to rely on his "
              'talent for woodcarving.Sam Chow breathes inner frustration in '
              'his role as the teenager yearning to see the world outside, and '
              "the deep profound unhappiness he festers toward his Mom. It's "
              'easy for teenagers to identify with this, given the living '
              'under the thumb and watchful eyes of a parent whom you know '
              "you're the center of the world to her. And when parents get in "
              'the way and in the process causing you to miss opportunities, '
              "you'd sure would raise a ruckus. So while living a sheltered "
              'life, Shi Qi decides to leave the village, even though he '
              "doesn't exactly know how.What shone in the movie is the getting "
              'down to basics instead of trying to bite off more than it can '
              'chew, and through that sincere exploration of the relationship '
              "between mother and son, you're likely to see some parallels "
              'perhaps that would ring a bell on your own, at how sometimes we '
              'hurt the ones we love most without even realizing it. For the '
              'mom, her taking care of her son would seem to mean having him '
              'always by her side, though understood that she has lost him '
              'once, and would pain her if it happened again, thus her '
              'desperation in holding him back through some really adorable, '
              'and unworkable antics. And to the son fast growing up, his lack '
              "of acknowledgement toward his mom's good intentions, and his "
              'frequent brushing of her aside, would touch the hearts and make '
              'one feel guilty if one had done this insensitive act from time '
              'to time.Joe Chow managed to bring out the anxieties of both '
              'characters in their road trip on foot over a period of two '
              'days, where they had to trek the picturesque mountainous road '
              'from village to the nearest town where the city bus plies. '
              'Along the way, this reaching out and connection come to a role '
              'play of sorts, with each character taking turns to lead, or to '
              'try and turn the tables on each other, finding something to '
              'connect, or to bridge an understanding. The movie relied '
              'tremendously on the chemistry between the two actors to pull '
              'this off, and they were excellent par none. The score was '
              'hauntingly beautiful, and the film also captured the seldom '
              'heard, and dying art of the She tribe songs and music, which '
              'added a documentary like dimension to the film.Audiences here '
              'would likely be familiar with Joan Chen, especially when she '
              'had graced the screen in a number of local releases. Despite '
              'similar mother roles in movies such as The Leap Years, Home '
              'Song Stories and even Saving Face which I enjoyed, she brings '
              'to the table different qualities in those motherly roles, but I '
              'dare say her performance in Shi Qi ranked the best amongst all. '
              "She truly brought out the adage that a mother's love knows no "
              "bounds, and I guess without a doubt, you'll see a lot of the "
              'general motherhood qualities here put under the spotlight, that '
              'will make you think through some of the things you would have '
              'taken for granted. Not to mention too the amount of nuances she '
              'put in the role, that would likely demand a repeat viewing (I '
              'smiled ear to ear when she quickly put her fingers to her ear '
              "when they retracted after touching a hot pot).While it's a "
              "small movie in the sense that it doesn't have big set "
              "sequences, it's nonetheless one that packs a powerful emotional "
              'punch, and captured plenty of heartfelt emotions and sincerity '
              'in its story, that it is difficult not to fall in love with it '
              'as well.',
 'tt1293847': 'Never mind the horrible acting and gratuitous gushing about how '
              'hot Vin Diesel is (at age 50 with sagging arms.. or whatever), '
              "how all the girls want to have sex with him and he's happy to "
              "oblige because he's Xander Cage who wears a fur coat in the "
              'summertime, the plot of this movie is about a device that can '
              'decode anything (seems to be a frequent theme these days, this '
              "has to be the 4th or 5th movie I've seen that has a device that "
              "decodes anything) and it's being used to crash satellites into "
              "the Earth with pinpoint accuracy. Now I don't work at NASA or "
              "Space-X and I don't have a degree in aerospace engineering, but "
              'I am pretty sure you cannot guide a satellite through re-entry '
              "to a pinpoint location on the Earth. Even if you could, it's "
              'not like it would be a hydrogen bomb like this movie portrays. '
              'It would disintegrate and land all over the map in pieces. But '
              "no, it gets sent to earth like it's being fired from a rail "
              'gun. The orbital decay would take forever even with assistance. '
              'Then you have the stunt where Xander has jumped, sans parachute '
              '(because parachutes are for wimps) from a plane that he was '
              'able to get positive thrust to weight ratio on (basically a C5 '
              'sized plane full of cargo and electronics) to accurately '
              'intercept a falling satellite and yet was still able to run out '
              'of the plane somehow and freefall, and somehow catch up with a '
              'cargo container of which had a fouled chute. He freed the chute '
              'just seconds before it hit the ground, and it created an '
              'explosion, yet out he walks like a boss. Then of course Ice '
              'Cube has pinpoint accuracy with a grenade launcher with '
              'grenades that have a very small blast radius.Rewind back to the '
              'highway battle where Donnie and Xander are fighting and '
              'suddenly the guy who jumped 200 meters (distance between '
              'buildings IRL)through a glass ceiling, and took out a room full '
              'of spec ops guys with ease, has trouble fighting an old broken '
              "down Xander Cage. This is the same Donnie Yen who couldn't be "
              'shot by a dozen security specialists in a small room but could '
              'be shot by one old woman who he knew full well was pointing a '
              'gun at him. The bad guy... wait, what? Who was he? Did it '
              'matter? The beach/island where the super duper secret assassins '
              'go seems to be in South Beach Miami, all the bars and live '
              'music and such.. and so hard for them to find. What was the '
              "crazy guy's role, to crash a car? Really?I almost vomited in my "
              "mouth when Vin kissed the Indian girl. He's like old enough to "
              'be her grandpa. So now you can drop a fully automatic weapon '
              "and it just discharges a full magazine and doesn't even spin "
              'around? So you can rip out a high voltage electrical conduit '
              "and plug it into a device to power it up, like it's a USB phone "
              'charger?So motorcycle tires have enough tread to act as '
              "propellers? Wouldn't it have been easier to just have wet "
              'bikes?So a motorcycle with a combustion engine and normal '
              'intake can run underwater?So a group of Delta Force soldiers '
              'can be hooked up to a cargo block without any of them knowing '
              'it, while Xander is walking around them?So you can jump from '
              "100+ feet to the ground and as long as you have skis you'll be "
              'OK?So 3rd world countries have skateboards that use bearings '
              'that can survive 50mph rides down winding paved roads? So they '
              'have an airplane that can circle the globe x number of times '
              'without needing to refuel but they land it every few minutes?So '
              'somehow a mechanical device that attaches to your forearm '
              'increases the strength in your upper arm and chest to create '
              'stronger punches?So a 90lb woman can scale a tree with a 20lb '
              'sniper rifle and hold it steady with her off hand for 30 '
              "minutes while using the scope to watch the crowd, as she's "
              'hanging by sheets from the tree?What was up with DJ guy? Oh '
              "look, a talented night club DJ who people just like, he'll be "
              'an asset. Movie sucked, really really really hard. I think they '
              'knew it, and laughed after they made it wonder who was stupid '
              'enough to watch it. This guy..',
 'tt1299370': 'Was not sure what to expect but I knew the cast was superb, but '
              'I really loved this movie and highly recommend it. Seen it '
              'twice and first time I was on the edge of my seat and moved. '
              "Zhou Xun's acting was the best I have seen her and really "
              "powerful. You'll be surprised by this film. Much better than "
              'the current score would suggest. Will never forget her crying '
              'scene...she deserves more recognition for the role she played '
              'in this. Everyone else is also very well cast and does a great '
              'job. Worthing checking this out for sure especially if you like '
              "gritty urban mysteries and surprises, then you'll like this "
              'one. You might find yourself wanting to watch it twice '
              'yourself.',
 'tt1300169': 'THE WARRIOR AND THE WOLF is a beautiful film to look at. The '
              'lush cinematography with its wide landscape shots of endless '
              'expanses of wilderness, hilly terrain and distant mountains is '
              'a glory to behold. The colours are vivid and the director has a '
              "real eye for nature's beauty. Wolves play a large part in the "
              "film's background and they've never looked so appealing as they "
              'do here. The addition of a wolf pup to the storyline only adds '
              'to that feeling.A shame then that in all other respects this is '
              'a dog, rather than a wolf, of a film. It starts off muddled, '
              'with murky choppily-edited battle sequences and a disjointed '
              'feel to the narrative. The erstwhile hero of the piece is a '
              'pacifist shepherd one moment and a ruthless leader of men the '
              "next. I didn't have a clue what was going on in regards to the "
              "historical backdrop and it's always a giveaway of poor writing "
              'when they have to keep including on-screen text at regular '
              "intervals to tell the viewer what's supposed to be going "
              'on.After half an hour or so of this, the action shifts to a '
              'supposedly cursed village where the lead character meets a '
              'woman and rapes her. Then he rapes her again, and again after '
              'that. Eventually, the woman falls in love with her attacker, a '
              'plot point that is so repellent as to be purely offensive. The '
              'ending of the film just peters out with no real explanation of '
              "what's happened or what we just watched. Odagiri plays the lead "
              'with the same stony-faced expression from beginning to end and '
              'Maggie Q is relegated to a window-dressing role with pretty '
              "much all of her scenes taking place in the bedroom. If you're "
              'looking for a decent Chinese historical then give this one a '
              'wide berth.',
 'tt1301262': 'This film is visually beautiful. I hope there is a part of '
              'China that will always look like this but I worry that will not '
              'be the case. I suspect that there was some considerable work '
              'done to remove more modern items from the villages but no '
              "matter.The story is fairly simplistic but that doesn't stop it "
              'being an emotional film. Many good stories are not necessarily '
              'complicated. One could argue that the events are not subtle '
              'enough in how they tell the underlying story but I think that '
              'would be a wasted opportunity to ponder the messages of the '
              'film.I thoroughly recommend this film. It is a quiet film with '
              'a relaxed but not tiring pace.I hope you enjoy this film as '
              'much as I did.Looking at the statistics of the voting on this '
              'film shows that people between 32-40 enjoyed this film the most '
              'and women more then men. So I think you need some maturity to '
              'really enjoy this film or perhaps some patience :)',
 'tt1303703': 'The Shaft is another great film from the emerging Chinese '
              "cinema. It's a collection of three short stories in which all "
              'the characters live or work in a mine in a small Chinese town. '
              'The first story is a simple love story with a twist, the second '
              "concerns a miner's son who dreams of being a singer and the "
              'third concerns an old miner approaching retirement. The stories '
              'are simple with minimal dialog. Yet they are very affecting and '
              'totally engrossing. The Shaft is very strikingly photographed, '
              "perfectly capturing the atmosphere of a mining community. It's "
              'a very impressive debut feature for writer-director Chi Zhang. '
              "Remember his name, you're bound to hear more from him in the "
              'coming years.',
 'tt1305814': 'When Li Xinyun comes on screen the very first minute, you could '
              'almost hear a collective gasp amongst the audience. She looks '
              'like a cross between Vicky Zhao and Shu Qi, more the latter '
              'thanks to those bee-stung lips that assisted her titular '
              'character very much in dripping sensuality in almost every '
              "frame she's in. Helping too are a fitting tank top and a short "
              'pair of shorts to accentuate her fair limbs.Yes I may sound '
              "like a dirty old man, but that's precisely how the male "
              "population in Dada's neighbourhood feel every morning when she "
              "turns up the temperature around her estate. For her mum's "
              'potential suitor, Dada offers a very powerful, visual '
              'distraction, and to her neighbour Zhao Ye (Li Xiaofeng), '
              'nothing beats peeping at Dada going about the household chores '
              'in the morning, thanks to her self-designed dance she grooves '
              'in to the tune of Remedios.Director Zhang Yuan, with inputs '
              'from his leads Li Xinyun and Li Xiaofeng, had crafted '
              'incredible teenage characters who are somewhat lost, and '
              'perpetually looking for something to hold on to, and to make '
              'sense of life with. And I guess more so from the former since '
              "the movie's titular character is played by her, hence "
              'instilling some sense of personal ownership in coming up with a '
              'memorable character who lingers long after the end credits '
              'roll. To a certain extent, I feel that had succeeded, and also '
              'because of the rouge like charisma Dada exudes, that bad girl '
              'whom everyone likes to gossip about, but whose genuine niceness '
              'is only seen by those whom she opens up to.For the most parts, '
              "the story's a road trip movie, with the duo Dada and boyfriend "
              '(or so he wishes) Zhao Ye going to an unnamed town to search '
              "for the Dada's biological mother. Insert comedic situations, "
              'red herrings, and little filler scenes about going through '
              "public records and the seeking of help from the police, it's a "
              "search for that unattainable needle in the haystack, but that's "
              'what this film is about. The search for something that cannot '
              'be grasped, and being always on the look out for anything that '
              'would provide that sense of satisfaction and happiness, without '
              'which will lead to some self-discontent with life as it is.For '
              "Dada, it's a search for her biological mom because she's "
              "unhappy with her mom's choice of companion (to be fair to her "
              "mom, Dada didn't voice this out), and probably didn't like not "
              'told about being adopted. This despite her mom always treating '
              "her just like her own. And there's the search for love too, "
              'especially for a man she constantly turns away. Her life is one '
              'on the path of destruction, before that reconciliatory effort '
              'with both mom and Zhao Ye come calling. Granted there was a '
              'turning point in the film that provided that wake up call, but '
              "it did suggest that here's one woman who will take her chances, "
              'though answering to and facing the music in an attempt to turn '
              'her life over.The cinematography here is wondrous with '
              'beautiful scenery aplenty, be it the cramped quarters of the '
              'working class, the vast outdoors or the opulence of rich folks. '
              'And more importantly, to me at least, the score by Andrea '
              'Guerra also provided an added dimension to this Chinese film. '
              "Dada's Dance may not be perfect, but it does have moments which "
              'engage, and as mentioned, her dance just lingers effortlessly, '
              "and I'm grooving to it already as I write this! Lalalalala.....",
 'tt1307008': 'The movie tells the story of a honest and caring overseas '
              'Chinese Lao Cui who has just returned to china to finalize his '
              'divorce with his ex wife with whom he was trying to settle in '
              'Cyprus where he runs a small restaurant but even after working '
              'so hard he was never been able to afford the place forget about '
              'bringing his wife over there and during his frequent trips '
              'between his hometown and Cyprus increased his marital problems '
              'and his marriage comes to an end.Movie begins when he comes to '
              'china.The moment he lands in China his problems starts, first '
              'his wife lefts him in front of his eyes which another man. With '
              'breaks his heart and suddenly he receives the news of his shop '
              'being sold to some other competitor in Cyprus if he does not '
              'reach back there and make a timely paperwork or payment to the '
              'actual owner. So he has to rush back to Cyprus asap after '
              'finalizing his papers for divorce. He meets with his old friend '
              'who is a small time actor who happens to be well connected with '
              'directors and star casts given his somehow less known movie '
              'appearances. Both guys talk and departs and Cui decides to head '
              'back to the airport so that he can catch the return flight to '
              'Cyprus and hires a taxi but before jumping into taxi a half '
              'drunk girl comes from behind and puts a knife on his throat and '
              'threatens the taxi drives to take her somewhere safe so that '
              'she can avoid the two men who are pursuing her for something '
              'which is of worth something; but the taxi driver refuses so Cui '
              'being a nice guy ask the taxi driver to do so. He drops the '
              'girl at her apartment but she accidentally leaves him outside '
              'and fell asleep. And then things starts to take unexpected '
              'turns when after dropping the girl at home he is left outside '
              'with all of his luggage left inside the apartment of this girl '
              'Xia.So the things happen after that makes you laugh like hell '
              'and also enjoy the bittersweet moments arising out of unusual '
              'situations.I thoroughly enjoyed the movie. The script was tight '
              "and swift so i didn't feel bored. Humor factor was also in "
              'plenty there more of situational though but a genuine one. '
              'Acting was smooth and convincing...all the characters did their '
              'part well so no complaint here. Story also was simple yet '
              'grasping so overall the movie is a fun to watch despite its '
              'small star cast it is one of the best Chinese comedy movie i '
              'have seen in recent years. Highly recommended!! My rating '
              '7.5/10',
 'tt1308138': 'I was moved by this movie. It was a real good watch. Words '
              'escape me at the moment, but this review can say it all for me: '
              'http://yingweitan.wordpress.com/2009/11/25/movie-review-mulan-2009/ '
              'Also, the comment at the bottom of the article is very '
              'insightful.Differing from the usual route of Chinese epic '
              'movies, which usually portrays huge battle scenes, extravagant '
              'costumes, and such, this movie concentrated more on the '
              "character's development and emotions. As such, it is a movie "
              'that deserves a closer scrutiny than the passive habit we have '
              'of watching movies. I will not give it the 2 points for the '
              '10/10 vote because my overly romantic self was denied something '
              "(you'll see). But then that's just me. :) I do not regret that "
              'I spent 113 minutes of my time on this. In fact, it made me all '
              'the more ready to face my own battle: life.',
 'tt1313243': 'Robert Browning, according to John Heath-Stubbs, was taken to '
              'meet the Chinese Ambassador to Britain. The Ambassador was an '
              'eminent poet and wanted to meet an English poet. What was his '
              'poetry like, asked Browning? "His Excellency\'s poetry" the '
              'interpreter explained "Is chiefly enigmatic." I don\'t know '
              "about Hongqi Li's poetry, but his films are entirely enigmatic. "
              'Keaton and Becket never panned deader. This one is like his '
              'first but more- or rather, less- so. This time the camera moves '
              'once, to centre a table. For the rest, there are a series of '
              'mysterious non-conversations with pauses as long as the '
              'speeches, shot straight on and immobile over a day and a night. '
              'A small boy, who may be backward or may know better than to '
              'show interest in what happens around him in this film, has a '
              'pail which- or its unseen occupants- make strange noises when '
              'he takes the lid off. A man meditates on what a chicken would '
              "think if it had known its future fate as others' food. Mr Mao- "
              "who may or may not be the one in Hongqi Li's other film- phones "
              "people but doesn't reach them. Two blind men cannot get past "
              'each other in the street. Eventually a tramp- who may be Mr Mao '
              "from Hongg Li's last film- offers a character a coat which is "
              "rejected and the film ends. It's all preposterous and perfect "
              'in its tiny absurdity. The film begins by saying- untruly- that '
              'Aristotle discovered the world was round and ends with a '
              'dedication to an Australian who holds the world record for '
              "balancing eggs on their ends. I don't know if this last feat "
              'actually happened, but Hongqi Li seems to be trying to achieve '
              'the cinematic equivalent.',
 'tt1315903': 'Concept of conflict, the market economy and the small peasant '
              'economy, the actress said she hope that the two lovers in one, '
              "perhaps this is not only hope to merge the roles' character, "
              'also suggests that hopes to merge the style of the social '
              'transformation, not aggressive, not to abandon the '
              'tradition.The cast match the film so well, the performance is '
              'very accurate, and no extra acting skills.The scenery in the '
              'film can no longer reproduce for modernization.Music is very '
              'beautiful.Overall, I feel the film was made very seriously and '
              'honest.Bai Ling perhaps should self-reflection, her education '
              'background decided that she is not fit for sexy idol, she is '
              'suitable for the girl who close to her own character, cheerful, '
              'naive, with rustic ecru.',
 'tt1319718': '"Little Big Soldier" is actually an odd-couple road flick set '
              "during China's Warring States period. The war drama, spiced "
              "with the usual Jackie Chan comedy, has been Jackie's brainchild "
              'for 20 years before finally hitting the big screen. Chan had '
              'initially planned to play the role of the young general but '
              'having aged since, he has to settle for the role of the elderly '
              'soldier. Well, having seen Jackie as the titular character, I '
              'have no complaints. He provides the role with its requisite '
              'charm and experience that it is so easy to root for him. A '
              'refreshing change from nonsensical comedies like "The Spy Next '
              'Door", I may add. Jackie plays an unnamed soldier from the '
              'Liang State who survives an ambush by Qin forces that decimates '
              'the 2000-strong Liang army. The lowly soldier, who feigns death '
              'rather than fight, captures a young Wei general (Wang Leehom) '
              "and plans to 'trade' him for a plot of land as reward. Along "
              'the way, however, captor and captive face a host of mishaps, '
              'misadventures and plot twists - and they have to team up in '
              "order to survive. As Jackie's own project, you can be sure of "
              'the trademark Jackie stunts and image boosts. Playing a farmer '
              "forcibly conscripted into war, Jackie's message (or ego "
              'massage) is that war is bad for the people, birds and the '
              'environment. He throws in lots of slapstick and sometimes the '
              'comedy borders on the ridiculous. Still, these are forgivable '
              "because it is easy to like Jackie's and LeeHom's characters. "
              'They have a sparkling screen chemistry that helps us overlook '
              "the plot-holes and lapses in logic. What's more important is "
              'that "Little Big Soldier" has a nostalgic feel, reminding us of '
              'Jackie\'s classics like "Drunken Master" and "Snake In The '
              'Eagle\'s Shadow". - By LIM CHANG MOH (limchangmoh.blogspot.com)',
 'tt1326972': 'I guess i do not need to explain this part in detail. Part I '
              'has already explain much of the style and depiction of the '
              'movie. And all i could tell you is that its great. Part II '
              "starts where the 1st one left off. The 1st defeat of Cao Cao's "
              "army didn't make the PM any less confident as he is about to "
              "commence his second army to take the charge. The Navy. He's "
              'determine that he will take down Red Cliff like an iron fist. '
              'Meanwhile, Zhou Yu and company are finding ways to cripple the '
              'large naval fleet that Cao Cao has already settle in opposite '
              'side of their fort. With characters already introduced in the '
              "1st part, the movie didn't seem to lose the magic as it keeps "
              "surprise audience in it's story. This part starts off with the "
              'latter half focusing entirely on character development. The '
              'final half goes in for the battle. Just like part I, the battle '
              'scene still packs a huge punch at your guts with many '
              'brilliantly choreographed movements and kinetic action. The '
              "ending ends up in a very fair manner but that's up to you to "
              "decide.Anyways, it's still as good as the 1st part. One of the "
              "best film adaptation from novels. Many should know it's "
              'basically the same thing because it was shot back to back. So '
              "what really determines how good is part 2, you'll have to watch "
              'part 1 first.8.8 out of 10 rating.',
 'tt1330607': 'I was surprised to see this movie that showed feelings I would '
              'have only expected in a Western film. After living in China for '
              'several weeks and feeling the large gulf between my culture in '
              'NW USA and Beijing, I found this movie quite refreshing. It '
              'showed me again that people are basically the same, given '
              'similar conditions. Dialogue was excellent - very well written '
              'and intense, although a little hard to follow by subtitles and '
              "watch the character's actions at the same time. The plot was "
              'not quite as predictable as a typical Hollywood film, which I '
              'also found refreshing. I look forward to watching more films by '
              'this director.',
 'tt1340761': 'The two films I remember Kar Yan (Karena) Lam most from are '
              '"Koma" and "July Rhadsody", where she held her own with the '
              'late, great Anita Mui and the always worthwhile Angelica Lee. '
              'Those films were earlier in her career. In this film she plays '
              'Nie Bing, a successful TV host in China. She is not lucky in '
              'love and after a night of drinking on her 29th birthday, an '
              'angel comes to her (no wings, its a kind of scruffy guy), who '
              'tells her she will meet 12 guys over the next year. The film '
              'goes through her time with the men, with various things '
              'happening, various disappointments etc. Karena Lam is so '
              'irresistibly pretty in this. Her smile just makes her so '
              'attractive, and that is probably why she was chosen. While the '
              'film is not great, I found it worth watching and my attention '
              "didn't wander. If you like romantic comedies you'll like this. "
              'This is the kind of film Jennifer Anniston could have done 10 '
              "years ago, but I doubt she'd carry the film like Ms. Lam. "
              '"Koma" and "July Rhapsody" were better, but they are not '
              'comedies. Again, if you like romantic comedies, you can '
              'certainly do worse.',
 'tt1343341': 'In China in the 1930s, a convict escapes after 8 years of '
              'prison and returns to his home town where he finds out the '
              'woman he had a youthful romance with is married to the son of '
              'the man responsible for the death of his family and for his '
              'misfortune. Their love is intact but he is obsessed with '
              'revenge.The story is rather common, full of the clichés '
              'HK/Chinese audience used to praise (the angry and powerful '
              'mother-in-law, the family courtyard in camera, the impossible '
              'love...), but it is shot and told in a very modern way for its '
              'time. The director was obviously eager to give her woman '
              'sensitivity to the story and this brings a fresh angle to the '
              'genre : most of the plot is seen from the main female character '
              'standpoint, alternating lyricism, passion and lucidity. The '
              'photography is beautiful and the movie can still be easily '
              'watched with nowadays standards. Few scenes were clearly '
              'inspired by latest Western and Japanese cinema (noticeably '
              'Dersu Uzala from Kurosawa for the outdoor shots). It is somehow '
              'running too slow most of the time but the last 20 minutes, when '
              'the couple tries to run away from the police into the woods, '
              'fighting against natural elements and madness, are extremely '
              'powerful.Despite a nomination to Venice Film Festival, A Savage '
              'Land has remained fairly unknown but this is truly a hidden gem '
              'for the fans of Chinese Cinema, made just before the rise of '
              'the Fifth Generation (Chen Kaige, Zhang Yimou,...).',
 'tt1356735': 'Not least because of rarely scheduled appearances, there is '
              "good reason why Wang Bing's Crude Oil has generated extremely "
              'little writing on it, online or elsewhere. It almost goes '
              'without saying that much commentary offered about it will be '
              'revelatory of the different kinds of mental strategies employed '
              'to overcome the total experience of it, rather than recording '
              "one's surrender to it. Its 14 hour length alone unequivocally "
              "demands no less than that, and explicitly signals Wang's "
              'intention for the project as documentary installation art — '
              'strictly encountered in a gallery or dedicated space — rather '
              'than via conventional film, video or digital monitor '
              'presentations, which fail to transcend limitations of the '
              'passive consumer experience. Outside the safety of those '
              'largely capitalist-designated parameters, his presentation is '
              'devised to provide a devastatingly intimate entrée into the '
              'conditions of human working life (here, at a remote oil rig in '
              "China's Gobi Desert), while implicitly asking: what does it "
              'mean to watch images not designed for hedonic consumption?My '
              'experience of Crude Oil took place at the Brooklyn media space '
              'Light Industry, during a 2009 limited five-day run. It was a '
              "rather overwhelming encounter with Wang's work to say the "
              'least, seeing separate presentations of his (then) newest work '
              'Coal Money, and his panoramic 9-hour masterpiece, West of the '
              'Tracks. My three successive daily visits had a life-changing '
              'impact akin to being on a retreat; the factory loft was a '
              'temporary space, and with a small heating unit among the few '
              "chairs, benches and floor mats that didn't do much to dispel a "
              'November chill, it was far from producing a passive experience. '
              'Having missed the first two hours, remaining for the rest was '
              'ordeal enough in itself (even split over two days and 6-hour '
              "sessions), demanding determination and confidence in Wang's "
              'enterprise, mostly made possible by his ethical sensibility.To '
              'describe the overall impact, even separating out these extra '
              "conditions, is difficult because Wang's approach is so simple "
              'and yet uncompromising in itself. The individual shots are '
              'massive in length, important for establishing one as visitor '
              '(not just viewer), and his camera angles are largely from real '
              'or potential perspectives of his subjects, who remain '
              'unselfconscious throughout, hence effectively negating any '
              'sense of voyeurism. The recording sound was intentionally set '
              'at a naturalistic level, and scenes where the workers spend '
              'time indoors in the bare recreational living room register '
              "effectively. But when we're moved outside to the rig platform "
              'itself, with the relentlessly active workers, the deafening '
              'maelstrom of machinery sound engulfs one, and for an indefinite '
              "amount of time.A key scene indicative of Wang's simple yet "
              'powerful sound design: two workers share a smoke break well '
              'away from the rig, trying to relax in the sun and the immense '
              'desert surrounding them. When we follow alongside as they '
              'return to work, the faint sounds of the machinery gradually '
              "grow louder until we begin to tighten up, thinking we've "
              'assessed the limit and preparing to hunker down for the '
              'duration of the shot, but the sonic assault continues, becoming '
              'truly devastating. As one begins to numb in order to '
              'accommodate, even trying to take refuge in movement by walking '
              'around the gallery to avoid becoming pinned down by the roar, '
              "the realization of Wang's intentions becomes more piercing — "
              'and one probably elusive to those who think a more conventional '
              'access (e.g., a bootleg DVD trip modulated with remote control) '
              'can provide the same result, while fast-forwarding beyond the '
              'meaning which can only come through a direct head-on engagement '
              "with Wang's setup.The challenges which were implicit in one's "
              'original intention to bear witness become activated from moment '
              'to moment in multi-fold; many realizations arise, and not '
              "merely of one's discomfort as potentially one of many Western "
              'subjects who endlessly consume vast amounts of oil and '
              'commodities, at a great distance from their source. Wang '
              'confronts us existentially, forcing us to relinquish our '
              'comfort zones as the prerequisite for a further inquiry into '
              'reality of work, how our political views are incomplete and '
              'even suspect if they do not encompass a direct witness of what '
              'work itself actually means to us — what is its true cost, not '
              'just economically for those who benefit the most from the '
              'labors of others, but the emotional, psychological and the '
              'extreme physical cost for those whose labor is exploited. This '
              'is the direct head-on view of what such exploitation looks like '
              "— moment by grueling or boring moment (even the workers' "
              "down-time doesn't exactly feel like relief) — in the course of "
              'one day, a day like many other endless days for them. The '
              'longue durée of this exposure, in which our witness becomes '
              'alternately more embarrassing, more frustrating, more numbing, '
              'more claustrophobic, the longer we submit to it — ultimately '
              'provides us with an unparalleled ethical reckoning well beyond '
              'our normally posited limits of engagement or '
              'resistance.Questions around how much mediation occurs in the '
              'filmmaking process itself eventually disappear, as one becomes '
              'simultaneously swallowed up by time, as well as a product of '
              'it, and through actual witness even its accomplice. Wang has '
              'commented on the difficulty of capturing or attaining "truth" '
              'in his art — although in this work, perhaps he may have '
              'realized that "truth" becomes transparent to context, to what '
              'is taking place\x85'
              ' simultaneously on-screen and off, within our experience\x85'
              ' in the encounter arising between the meaning-potentials '
              'discerned and our willingness to make ourselves available for '
              'their discovery to change our life.With Crude Oil, Wang Bing '
              'has not turned out something anyone could be comfortable with, '
              'clearly demonstrating that film buffs need not apply, and '
              'reminding that Kafka once said we should only read the books '
              'that wound us... What do you see? How do you see?',
 'tt1362045': 'First off this movie LOOKS great. The cinematography, the '
              'period costumes, the landscapes and the sets were masterfully '
              'done in exacting details giving the movie a genuine feel of the '
              'period (Late Imperial China during the Boxer Rebellion). It is '
              'an historical drama as well as a tragic love story telling of a '
              'pivotal time in a family. The gravity of the film never lets up '
              'and the drama is, at some points, a bit over the top but the '
              'subject matter, the crumbling of a banking family by external '
              'and internal problems, is a heavy one. This movie comes with '
              'some very harsh scenes and will not be for everyone but those '
              'who enjoy well shot, well acted (if not a bit over the top on '
              'the drama), and well set period pieces with a touch of history '
              'will like the movie. I did.',
 'tt1378195': 'The man in the Citibank diner advertisement would probably tear '
              'his remaining hair out at A Big Road since it is a true blue '
              '"arty-farty" film, and his dinner date probably got the '
              'reaction right as well. I had held out getting tickets for this '
              "world premiere, and if Kan Lume's Female Games was screening "
              'instead, no prizes where I would have put my dollars at. But '
              'that film was withdrawn, and the buzz for this was building, '
              "and I had to check out what it's about, no?Of late we have a "
              'number of Singaporean filmmakers who have ventured overseas and '
              'made feature length films, from Science Fiction (Gene '
              'Generation) to Drama (Slam!) and even documentaries to tie in '
              'world sporting events like the Olympics with efforts like Mad '
              'About English and Boomtown Beijing, and also not forgetting my '
              'favourite film-making duo of James Leong and Lynn Lee who have '
              "made gems like Homeless FC and Aki Ra's Boys, with their latest "
              "film ready some time end of this year, so that's something to "
              'look forward to. Alec Tok would be a name to add to this list '
              'of growing filmmakers spreading their wings abroad with this '
              'debut effort.A Big Road chronicles three women in Shanghai, and '
              'from the get go at the lengthy prologue at the Shanghai Railway '
              'Station, it screams art, requiring plenty of getting used to '
              'with its focus-out-of-focus shots within the frame, cuing you '
              'into certain points, yet inevitably raising questions just what '
              'was going on. I tried hard to concentrate, then let go to '
              "follow the flow, but tried as I did, I just couldn't grasp what "
              'the intent and meaning was, if any. The scenes floated from one '
              'to another, relying a chock load on your own imagination to '
              'fill the pieces in between. We see a lady dressed in a white '
              'coat drifting around in a voyeuristic fashion as if in limbo in '
              'our world, whose point of view consists of specific colours on '
              'people, and is probably the chorus to this artificial play as '
              'we see what she wants us to see. Which also includes two '
              'feuding families at a dinner table, a particular Mrs Zhao '
              'purchasing a new born baby girl from poor villagers, and Xiao '
              "Fang (Liu Hongli) the kept woman who's sold by her own mother "
              'for profit.While you can see immediate parallels in the plight '
              "of women whatever their ages being sold for money, one can't "
              "stop wondering what Alec's intent was, and it's always curious "
              'when a man crafts woman-centric stories and scenes especially '
              'when they fail to resonate and get the intended emotions '
              "through. It's one thing sticking a camera and letting it record "
              'on a long, extended take, but another if wanting to communicate '
              'emotions. Time was felt heavily, and sad to say no time was '
              'properly invested to develop and establish characters as they '
              'came and go in a generic, blur fashion.The mid-point was '
              'especially amusing when some folks decided to use it as a break '
              'to answer phones / visit the toilet / stretch their legs. It '
              'reaffirms that girls do take an extremely long time to dress '
              'up, putting on and putting off, looking at oneself at the '
              'mirror preening, and this went on for some 10 minutes. From '
              "then on the film switches gears even when the engine's not "
              'ready to shift up, with a flurry of scenes coming and going '
              'involving a man wanting to break off an engagement (check out '
              'that Tak-Giu T-Shirt, Jacen!), and decided to go all Man by '
              "dealing with a Father's love, with flashbacks from his death "
              'bed, which turned out to be emotionally dry. Characters were '
              "crying, but the damage was done and you'd just don't care "
              'except to wonder when the brakes will be pulled, though one '
              'still had a mahjong scene to navigate through.A Big Road may be '
              'too wide (in the number of issues it wanted to showcase '
              'perhaps) and too long, and without clear directions, is risking '
              'alienating an audience from it and losing them. That Citibank '
              'diner guy would have new found friends.',
 'tt1388901': "It might already have been used in many films, but there's "
              'always something to having aesthetically pleasing shots of '
              'golden wheat fields basking under the yellow sun, setting the '
              'tone that this is going to be a very beautifully shot film by '
              'cinematographer Zhao Xiaoshi with the visuals getting priority '
              "and set to wow, over a period drama set during China's Warring "
              'States period some 20 years prior to the Qin dynasty '
              'unification of China.The state of Qin has invaded Zhao, and the '
              'Zhao king had ordered all available troops in a call to battle. '
              "Zhao's city of Lu Yi rises to the occasion, with the Lord Ju "
              'Cong (Wang Xueqi) commanding all men above the age of 12 to '
              'bear arms, leaving behind only the women to do chores and keep '
              "harvest while awaiting their return. In his absence, Ju Cong's "
              'wife Lady Li (Fan Bingbing) is left in charge of the city, and '
              'spends her lonely nights longing for the return of her husband, '
              'with sequences told in flashbacks to establish and develop this '
              'romantic angle.Unveiling itself over 5 days (based on the '
              'elements of Gold, Wood, Water, Fire and Earth) in somewhat of a '
              "chapter styled narrative, it's pretty much a no-brainer to know "
              'which state emerged victorious. 2 deserting soldiers of Qin, '
              'Xia (Huang Jue) an elite warrior, and Zhe (Du Jiayi) the '
              'cowardly opposite, end up in the enemy territory of Lu Yi, but '
              'feigned to be from a neighbouring Zhao town, passing themselves '
              'off as allies, and lying through their teeth for survival, by '
              'telling the city full of women what they yearn to hear. Slight '
              'comedy ensues though with the tinge of bittersweet deceit, '
              'especially when we see how an eavesdropper so eagerly transmits '
              'the lies to the joyous rapture of the womenfolk, elevating the '
              'status of the 2 men to cult-like proportions (not to mention '
              'the suggestion of some horniness too in their never ending '
              "failure to hoist or rip them of their clothes).Don't be "
              'expecting the pace of the film to be moving at breakneck speed, '
              'as some scenes do linger on longer than welcomed. The film is '
              'split down the middle into two acts, where the first section '
              'dwelt mainly on the lies the men are constantly spinning and '
              'the budding suspicions that get quashed because nobody is going '
              'to question supposedly first hand eyewitness accounts, '
              'especially those who had lived through to tell the story, which '
              'was carefully deliberated to ensure authenticity, but in a '
              'flipped order. We get glimpses of the brutality of the massive '
              'battle, and talk about the frequency of wars during that era, '
              'but your attention will likely be on the sets both indoors and '
              'outdoors, and the costumes, all of which are intricately '
              'designed.A major action sequence, though short, separates the '
              'two halves. Action junkies will likely lap up this sequence, '
              'which demonstrated the power of an elite warrior in the Qin '
              'army, though in stark contrast to the desires of the swordsman '
              'because of his yearn to go home and become a farmer, and one '
              'would shudder should his companion were to wield such '
              'abilities, given his conniving scheme to want to take over the '
              'city and rule over it like a lord. Some Seven Samurai potential '
              'got built up with a bandit attack, though resolution was too '
              'swift, leaving you wanting more.The second act starts to spiral '
              'down the slippery road where the saying of paper not being able '
              'to wrap fire, with something just waiting to happen, such as '
              'the anticipated return of young POWs, as well as the growing '
              'state of confusion and suspicion amongst the women, questioning '
              'why their men have not made it back home while these two '
              "fellows managed to. It's pretty amazing how devoted to their "
              'cause the city inhabitants can be, especially when they know '
              'what really is lying ahead of them.Fan Bingbing marquees the '
              'production being no stranger to period dramas, though this time '
              'her role is much more muted and restrained, as compared to '
              'co-stars Du Jiayi, who is the court-jester equivalent in being '
              'a tad irritating and the perennial troublemaker, and Huang Jue '
              'who had risen to the occasion and has potential to be matinée '
              'star material.',
 'tt1392743': "i've been looking forward to see this series since 2007. It "
              'based on so famous online novel. I read that before, it was '
              'really interesting.When this movie was premiere (limited '
              "screening) for 2009's Valentine's Day, I saw lots of comment "
              'about this movie on Chinese web.Though it was only released on '
              'some theaters, so many reviews on there.They all praised the '
              'story, acting, music and so on. It makes me wanna watching this '
              'movie so badly. This movie has awkward love story between 2 '
              'leading roles. I think you will be laugh & smile a lot when u '
              "see this one.Hope this movie bring out the novel's feeling so "
              'well.',
 'tt1393746': 'In some ways, Aftershock as a big budgeted epic sort of plays '
              "out like Feng Xiaogang's Assembly, with the money shots "
              'concentrated in the first few minutes, followed by a masterful '
              'treatment of human drama against an historical backdrop of '
              "events in China. As a fan of Feng's films thus far, he "
              "continues to show that he's equally adept in handling "
              'commercial, studio tentpole films like this one, and smaller, '
              'more intimate films like If You Are The One, dealing with equal '
              'ability a cast of plenty, or just a handful.Aftershock cuts to '
              'the chase and puts the audience smack into 1976 Tangshan, '
              "China, just about when the big quake struck. We're introduced "
              "to a family of four, where soon enough Mother Nature's "
              'unforeseen wrath swallows up the entire city, and shattering '
              'countless of lives and families in the process. What follows '
              'will set the stage for the entire two more hours to come, where '
              "Yuan Ni (Xu Fan) has to make that Sophie's Choice of which twin "
              'for the rescuers to save - son Da Feng, or daughter Fang Deng - '
              'since a beam separates the two. Tradition, culture and custom '
              'will unfortunately make this a no-brainer when push comes to '
              'shove, coupled with the fact that the death of her husband in '
              'rescuing her, and her role as the dutiful wife to ensure the '
              'preservation of the family line, but worst, this decision is '
              "made within earshot of Fang Deng who's fighting for her life in "
              "the rubble.Heaven's compassion means Fang Deng survives the "
              'ordeal nonetheless, but gets picked up by a PLA soldier and '
              "sent to a survivor's camp, where she gets adopted into a foster "
              'family (Chen Jin and Chen Daoming in excellent form here as '
              'foster mom and dad respectively). The narrative then tangents '
              'into two halves, one following the grown up Da Feng (Li Chen), '
              'and the other Fang Deng (Zhang Jingchu), in their trials and '
              'tribulations of growing up in China in the last 30 years, '
              'interspersed with shots of a growingly vibrant Tangshan (and '
              'other cities of China) where we see the economic development of '
              'the country. However, Nature still is that unfortunate '
              'leveller, and for all the technological advancement, human '
              "emotions and a mother's love still continue to form the basis "
              'of a heart-wrench when dealt with an unfair card in life.Based '
              'upon a novel, What works here are the many small subplots that '
              'get introduced, such as teenage romance, filial piety, and '
              'essentially the all important theme of family, that merges well '
              "with the inclusion of landmark events such as Chairman Mao's "
              'death, and another more recent quake that brings characters '
              'together. What more, all the cast members gave stellar '
              'performances (Save for the token Caucasian) that will tug at '
              'your heartstrings, and enable the melodramatic, emotional '
              'finale to be all the more powerful as we come to learn how '
              'bitterness and hatred accumulated over the years, can dissipate '
              'with the passage of time, and the opportunity presented to seek '
              'forgiveness.Which somehow the editing seemed to give way under '
              'the weight of emotions, and introduced some abrupt cuts away '
              "from scenes you'd think will linger for a more emotional "
              'closure. However, art direction from costuming to sets here are '
              'superb in capturing the look and feel depicting the different '
              'eras from the 70s to the 90s, and brought to mind other '
              'similarly crafted dramas like Heaven Eternal, Earth Everlasting '
              'and Electric Shadow, both films that you should give a watch as '
              "well should you dig powerful dramas like Aftershock.I can't "
              'attest to how great this film would have been on a larger than '
              'life IMAX screen simply because Singapore, for all our record '
              'movie attendance, we still find it not viable to have one (we '
              "had one before), but one thing's for sure, the special effects "
              'employed here is on par with what Hollywood can dish out. While '
              'Hollywood can serve exaggeration for that wow factor (think '
              '2012 where everything falls apart), Feng employs digital '
              "effects prudently to ensure that the emotional aspect doesn't "
              'get neglected. For all the individuals affected by the Big '
              'Quake, one will actually feel for them when they get '
              "pulverized, and it's hard not to be saddened when you realize "
              "it's actually all very futile when the ground beneath you "
              'starts swallowing everything. As one character said in the '
              "film, there's no worry if it's a small quake, and if it's a big "
              "one there'll be no escape anyway. It's this exasperation and "
              'resignation from a survivor that succinctly explains not only '
              'the physical scars, but the emotional ones as well that lingers '
              'far longer with the survivors, coming close to becoming pangs '
              "of guilt.So don't go in expecting a special effects "
              "extravaganza like what Hollywood will do. An earthquake doesn't "
              'last for that long, but the emotional journey of family members '
              'set apart by a catastrophic event goes on for much longer. '
              'Aftershock is that film set on the right path in choosing to '
              'focus on this aspect, and delivered a film rich in the human '
              'emotions of pain, distress and suffering. Highly recommended, '
              "and a natural inclusion to the shortlist of this year's best.",
 'tt1397498': 'There has been some commotion around this movie concerning '
              'whether it did or did not force Avatar from the 2D screens in '
              "China. So many IMDb-voters thought it necessary to vote a '1' "
              "for this movie without even seeing it.It's a shame because it "
              "is a really good movie. I wasn't sure myself if a story around "
              'Confucius would be able to entertain me for 2 hours but it '
              "surely did! It's a fascinating and emotional story about the "
              'later years of Confucius, played by Hong Kong-actor Chow Yun '
              "Fat. It's shows the man behind the myth.I was very impressed "
              "with Chow's acting. I knew he was a great actor but this role "
              'is another milestone in his career. His Confucius is warm and '
              'gentle and you really feel his emotions. For his performance '
              'alone this film is worth watching.Beware: it might not be for '
              'the usual popcorn crowd, wanting to be entertained with lots of '
              "action and superficial story lines. It's an inspirational "
              'journey! Go see it!',
 'tt1403130': 'Just had the pleasure of watching this, I had heard good things '
              'about it and when it popped up on a torrent site I leaped at '
              "the chance. Please note, I don't support piracy and "
              'downloading, but since this is not available stateside yet my '
              'options are limited. Needless to say, this one is a buy for '
              'sure on DVD, hopefully there will be a blu ray release with '
              'good subtitles at some point. This is a star studded period '
              'action film about the assassination attempt of Dr Sun Yat Sen '
              'in Hong Kong. The first hour of this movie is entirely about '
              'setting up the characters, making you understand them and care '
              'about them. In fact there is only one action scene in the first '
              'hour, which existed to drive the plot and define the motivation '
              "of the woman who would become one of the bodyguards. Don't "
              'worry, the kung fu awesomeness will begin, the entire second '
              'half of the movie is one very well done action sequence after '
              'another. But the set up really matters here, it is very '
              'engaging and later on when all these characters come together '
              'to protect Dr Sen, you care about each one and when some die, '
              'you feel it. The acting is excellent all around, many of the '
              'actors are major stars, such as Donnie Yen, Nicholas Tse, Leon '
              'Lai, and Tony Leung Ka Fai, but the film is an ensemble piece '
              'and each star disappears into their character, many of whom are '
              'playing against type. The action is top notch, as expected with '
              "Donnie Yen's involvement. Yen has a brutal fight with Cung Le "
              'that involves some very nice choreography and some parkour '
              'action as well. All of these scenes are enhanced by the fact '
              'that you care quite a bit if this character lives or dies. My '
              "only complaint would be the villain, played by Red Cliff's Jun "
              'Hu. I felt his character was a little over the top, I would '
              'have liked him to have been more in control. But it is a minor '
              'quibble in a film with a great many strengths. I highly '
              'recommend this one, check it out.',
 'tt1408298': '\ufeffI saw Li Tong at Woods Hole Film Festival and was '
              "stunned. It is one of the best narrative features I've seen in "
              'years. It is a multi-leveled story which can be viewed from a '
              "number of different perspectives. First it is a child's film. "
              "The length, 75 minutes, let's young viewers see the story of a "
              'little girl who loses her bus pass and must find her way across '
              'the city of Beijing to the new house her mother has just moved '
              "to. It's a bit scary and but certainly a wonderful journey. The "
              'feel was similar in many ways to "The Red Balloon" though not '
              'magical but very real. This girl has grown up alone much of the '
              'time with her mother working and her father off in America '
              'seeking a better life for them. She is not prepared for the '
              'world outside her own family yet. While she seems to be a city '
              'girl with parents who have money, her companion on much of her '
              'journey is a street boy from the country trying to survive in '
              'the city. Together they maneuver the pitfalls and wrong turns '
              'to finally get her home. But that is the first level of this '
              'film and if a child sees the film, that is what they see. But '
              'if you look deeper into the film, there is an adult story '
              'hidden there. This is the beauty of the narrative '
              'writer/director Nian Liu has woven. The film is from a '
              'Communist country and it is likely that the hidden story is '
              'hidden for a reason. Not to get too detailed but... When seen '
              "by an adult, one begins to wonder about the girl's real "
              'parental situation - why is the father really away and why does '
              'mother have such a large collection of balloons and who was the '
              "man who answered the phone? Why aren't any men in uniforms "
              'willing to take the plight of a child seriously and help? Why '
              'are there so few people on the streets of the city? Why do the '
              'young couple she comes across, even with the Olympics '
              'approaching, dream of leaving China? Why does a migrant worker '
              'bring his son to the city instead of leaving his home with his '
              'family in the country instead of leaving her home with her '
              'mother? All of this starts to add up to a view which our little '
              "heroine and her companion don't see but will someday have to "
              'grow up and face. Will they want to leave as well or will they '
              'find a place in modern China? The film begins to reveal a '
              'hidden meaning which says much more about the state of China '
              'than it may be allowed to. Technically the directing, acting, '
              'cinematography, pace, and choice of location is stunning. Look '
              'for the moment of a sidewalk lined with Chinese lions '
              'overshadowed by the scaffolding of the updated of the street. '
              'The city and its inhabitants are so smoothly integrated into '
              'keeping the story going that the appearance of the Panda '
              "walking doesn't seem to surprise. The only flaw is a short "
              'interior piece in the opening which reveals the digital '
              'film-making. Otherwise, the film is a gem.A beautiful winner by '
              'a bright and up-coming filmmaker.',
 'tt1410063': 'I watched the movie in Beijing, twice. The second time I liked '
              'it more. This has to be one of the best Chinese films yet, if '
              'not the best. Some scenes are pretty brutal, but really worth '
              'watching, to say the least. The director Zhang YiMou told a '
              'powerful, touching and beautiful story, while delivering '
              'stunning visual effects as always. All actors from different '
              'countries did an amazing job in making so many strong '
              "characters in 3 languages, not just the American 'priest', but "
              'also those prostitutes, the boy George, all the children, '
              "Japanese officers, and the Chinese 'traitor'. Good movie is "
              'like a mirror, some people might get upset watching it, while '
              'others see love for others, respect for life, and the human '
              "spirit of fighting for peace out of tragedy. Each audience's "
              'reaction more or less reflects his/her personal value. The '
              'storytelling is objective so you can judge for yourself. In '
              'front of a masterpiece like this, people who ranked it very low '
              'deliberately because of stereotypes against China or whatever '
              'twisted reason (I KNOW YOU EXSIT ON THIS SITE), you need to sit '
              "down and think what's wrong with yourself, no matter how "
              'open-minded you claim you are. Some say it is a propaganda '
              'production. I have to disagree here. Almost everything in this '
              'movie is based on real history, including how Japanese tortured '
              'Chinese war victims, how prostitutes stood up to protect other '
              'women during the Rape of NanJing, as well as how some '
              'westerners resided in China at the time helped local Chinese. '
              'Anyone who can pick up a few books or do a bit of research on '
              "internet knows it. English is not my mother language so I can't "
              'write an review with big words like those professional critics '
              'do. However, this is the first time I feel so moved by a movie '
              "that I'd write an English review online to recommend it to "
              'viewers outside of China. Simply too good to miss. If any '
              "Chinese simply walked out of the cinema cursing Japanese, I'd "
              'say the movie failed big time. However, both times I saw people '
              'left quietly, some still sobbing, and heard them saying how '
              'lucky they are to be born in this era and how precious peace '
              'is. For that reason, I applaud this film. It is what it is. '
              "Horrible things happened in history. Hate and anger won't do "
              'any good today. Make peace with yourself and move on. Just like '
              'what George said in the movie, life is precious, it is not ours '
              'to throw away.',
 'tt1410270': 'An enthralling and magical version of Cinderella found among '
              'the treasure trove of ancient Chinese stories. With more depth '
              'and delight than the vanilla Disney version, a young woman is '
              'charged not just with finding a prince, but restoring the '
              'balance of nature and the earth.Not merely an amazing story, '
              'Cinderella Moon is infused with fantastic settings, actors, '
              'sets, cinematography, direction and other nuances. Seen at the '
              'Toronto International Film Festival.',
 'tt1422119': 'SPRING FEVER provides a rather confusing, yet absorbing tale of '
              'Gay sexual compulsion, however, the film is much more that an '
              'average Gay love story. The female characters are just as '
              'compelling, and even a bit more interesting that the male '
              'leads. Although the story line strains to be vague and '
              'enigmatic, in the end, it just comes across as garbled and '
              'bewildering. I would suggest a visit to the Message Board at '
              'IMDb after viewing the film to help you to get a firmer grasp '
              'on the plot. But, the most interesting aspect of the film is '
              'that it provides a fascinating look at locations in China which '
              'are not usually shown on film. Has there ever been a film '
              'featuring a drag queen bar and a punk rock nightclub in '
              'contemporary China? SPRING FEVER is unquestionably an Art House '
              'film, yet disjointed as it is, it still is an evocative and '
              'expressive work.',
 'tt1425257': 'This movie is a work of art in many ways.The Martial Arts '
              'displayed are really one of the best I have seen in a long '
              'time, yes it relies on flying and jumping everywhere, yet the '
              'fight scenes feels visceral enough not to feel to much like a '
              'dance.The actors are really awesome, and they managed to make '
              "one of the BEST antagonist of all times.Now let's get to the "
              'part that almost ruins it : The Pacing.The flow of the movie '
              'suffers greatly from a bad editing, and it is too bad because '
              'it had the potential to be a true masterpiece.This movie should '
              'have started backwards, beginning at the end, and having Su '
              'telling his story.Instead of that, the pacing can be hard to '
              'follow, and at the end I was left with a strange feeling of '
              'incompletion.Otherwise, the movie is still one of the best '
              'martial art movies of the past years, and if you are a Martial '
              'Arts fan do not miss it !',
 'tt1426380': 'The film frames the painstaking details of daily life in the '
              'scrubby confinement of the family kitchen table, which also '
              "serves as the father's hide processing work station. Language "
              'is terse, but engaging wherever it occurs. There is no plot '
              'other than the preparation, cooking, and eating of Chinese '
              'dumplings, whereby the family conversation revolves around the '
              "uncertainty about the family business. So, what's the point? "
              'One way to interpret the film is to see the compulsively slow '
              'pace, the insistence on the minuscule details, and more '
              'importantly, the warmth, steadiness, and predictability of '
              'family life - metaphorically portrayed as the procedural '
              'routine of dumpling making, as an antithesis of the fast pace, '
              "uncertainty, and over-arousal of modern life. If that's Liu's "
              'goal, she has certainly succeeded by forcing the viewer to '
              'attend to the inertness and particularities of mundane life.',
 'tt1426381': "Without this documentary knowledge of today's China won't be "
              'complete. Any kind of fiction is powerless in front of the '
              'complex and dramatic real life stories it preserves. I watched '
              "the 2010 five hours-long director's cut of Petition with a full "
              'house of some two hundred audiences. We were all captivated '
              'deeply by the drama, the humour, and above all, the tragedy in '
              'this groundbreaking documentary. In China people who seek '
              'intervention from higher authority to correct the injustice '
              'they suffered have been existing for more than half of a '
              'century, but it waits until today when there is DV camera and '
              'more importantly a brave film maker we are able to learn their '
              'life stories directly, with our safety hold in hand. This is a '
              'shocking experience, few people expect the surge of emotion '
              'they felt during watching. Some parts of the film are so '
              'heart-wrenching that I think the majority of the audiences '
              'burst into tears during those moments. I myself cried more than '
              'I had in several years. But there is no sentimentality here, '
              'the situations are too harsh to react irrationally. You are '
              'struck to ask questions, why is the Chinese justice system '
              'failed, what can we do for these suffering people, can we sit '
              'well and enjoy one more single day of wealth when these members '
              'of our own race are deprived of basic decency of human being?',
 'tt1430641': 'This movie is amazing! Wild Horse, the main character in the '
              'film (who, in my opinion, is the most handsome man alive '
              'today!) is determined to win the prize money awarded from a '
              'marathon race to buy medicine which will save his little '
              "sister's life. But to get to the city where the race is being "
              'run, he must run the marathon of his life. Everything about '
              'this film is inspiring — from the breath-taking scenery of '
              'China to the heart and generosity of the people the film '
              'portrays. The gripping story of Wild Horse from Shangri-La is a '
              'film that the whole family will find uplifting. It demonstrates '
              'the meaning of community, of being supported and connected to '
              'other people. It shows many people making the right choices '
              "from a place of integrity and how one person's courage can have "
              'huge ripple effects. The movie I watched was sub-titled but '
              "this is not a wordy film for those who don't like subtitles.",
 'tt1434423': 'Now although china comes out with low class products, this one '
              "was actually pretty good. It's like watching a darker version "
              'of Clue, but you want the secret spy to succeed in his/her '
              'mission. This is a well crafted espionage spy movie without the '
              "crazy action or anything like that, but it's like watching a "
              'intense game of poker with bluff versus bluff and elimination '
              'after elimination. The cinematography was also really well done '
              'and lot of the aspects of the film is well crafted to the point '
              'you will actually care what happens. Even the conclusion '
              'increased the impact of the film. Great production value and a '
              'pretty good story and performances makes this film, worthwhile '
              'to check out.7.9/10',
 'tt1438461': 'The biggest problem with Founding of a Republic is that it is '
              'quite dull. An historic, or quasi-historic, film about the '
              'origins of the current government in China, the movie tends to '
              'be surprisingly free of anything of cinematic interest. The '
              'action is sparse, the dialogue is neither amusing nor animated, '
              'and all the major events are well-known to history students. '
              'The cameo appearances by several major Chinese stars, such as '
              'Jackie Chan, Jet Lee and Zhang Ziyi, are so short as to be '
              'hardly worth mentioning. We already know the outcome, and there '
              "is little in the film to hold the viewer's interest, aside from "
              'some of its subtle if unexpected features, such as its '
              'surprisingly enlightened attitude toward Chiang Kai-shek.In '
              'much of the propaganda that pervades previous characterizations '
              'of Chiang and his Nationalist forces, the Chinese Communists '
              'have tended to portray the Chinese civil war as one of black v '
              'white, good v evil, with victorious communist forces '
              '"liberating" the people from an evil regime. These words still '
              "appear today when it is advantageous to Chinese communists' "
              'interest. But in this film Chiang seems reflective, fair-minded '
              'and concerned over excesses in his own regime--a rather '
              'positive image.Mao is treated to several revisions, appearing '
              'jovial, tolerant, and even permissive of some forms of '
              'capitalism, the latter something Mao never actually was in his '
              'revolutionary days. Indeed, there is little revolutionary '
              "fervor in Mao's dialogue in this film, a fervor which in real "
              "life permeated Mao's thinking. This seems deliberate, as these "
              'ideas would accord little with the current regime in Beijing. '
              'In one scene where Mao is shown in an avuncular, loving role '
              'with children, even though in real life Mao abandoned his '
              'children to pursue his broad revolutionary ambitions.While KMT '
              'excesses are detailed, including several assassinations, there '
              'is absolutely no mention of CCP atrocities committed during the '
              'Chinese civil war. And, while KMT violations of the interim '
              'treaty between the two sides are highlighted, there is no '
              'mention of CCP violations of the same pre-civil war '
              'accords.While most of the film is richly detailed in costumes '
              'and settings, the special effects are not very realistic, with '
              'several airplane scenes being utterly unconvincing as they are '
              'obvious CGI. The film is a product of Chinese film makers, but '
              'political interests in Beijing factored heavily in its '
              'production. I doubt that the movie will generate much interest '
              'outside of China.',
 'tt1456660': 'In China, December is a peculiar protective month for Chinese '
              'films since we are embracing new arrivals which are exclusively '
              'made in China (with few exceptions due to bizarre '
              'co-distribution policies, for instance WELCOME TO THE PUNCH '
              '2013, which is doomed to be swamped by its formidable '
              "competitors), but Ning's latest offer NO MAN'S LAND is an even "
              'odder case, it actually was filmed in 2009 before his previous '
              "picture GUNS N' ROSES (2012, 6/10), however it failed the "
              'censorship and had been pushed back until now, meanwhile its '
              'leading actor Zheng Xu has become the most successful director '
              'himself (his director debut LOST IN THAILAND 2012 has been the '
              'highest grossing Chinese film of all time, more than 1.2 '
              'billion Chinese yuan in all), and co-star Bo Huang presently is '
              'one of the most popular and bankable actor. Thus, if we '
              'disregard the protracted modulate process to pander to the '
              'despicable censorship, financially speaking, the timing cannot '
              'be better! Since CRAZY STONE (2006, 8/10) Ning has accrued a '
              'solid fan base and is one of the most prominent directors of '
              "his peers, NO MAN'S LAND ventures into a territory where "
              'Chinese films scarcely enter, Western, more specifically, it is '
              "a road movie sets within a 500 mile no man's wilderness, Xu is "
              'an uprising lawyer just won a lawsuit for a callous falcon '
              "hunter (Duobujie), when Xu drives the hunter's car (as his "
              'reward) back to city, en route in the bare desert, a series of '
              'mishaps successively occur, which encompasses a killer (Huang), '
              'a prostitute (Yu), two lorry drivers (Ba and Wang), the owner '
              'of a tourist trap (Yang) and his retarded son (Pei Wang), while '
              'the ultimate boss of the catch and release is the hunter '
              'himself, who harbors a vicious scheme to both carry the '
              'contraband to the buyers and get rid of the snobbish lawyer. '
              'Nevertheless Man proposes but God disposes, the Domino effect '
              'starts with one single sputum, everything starts to run amok. '
              'Ning does go to great length to make all the incidents sound '
              'logical, there is plethora of human stains among these boors, '
              'self-seekers, extortioners, poachers and murderers, the only '
              'counterbalance is the goodhearted but frail sex worker, who '
              "assumes a pivotal impetus for Xu's heroic self-sacrifice. The "
              'vast Gobi desert provides a stupefying outlook to inspect the '
              "good and the evil stem from one's heart, violence abounds, the "
              'rule of survival turns citizens into voracious animals. '
              'Highlight from the cast, Duobujie is a Chinese analog of '
              'Jarvier Bardem in NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN (2007, 9/10), the '
              'action chick Nan Yu retreats back into a stereotyped damsel-in- '
              'distress niche but is tellingly watchable. Bo Huang brings '
              'about the same sum of trembles and laughters with empowering '
              "swagger, and by design our heart roots for Xu's character, "
              'whose ill- fated story strikes a chord although his loft '
              'transition is a bit too intentional for a heroic cause, like '
              'the bombastic ending. Clearly the cast has undergone some '
              'physical maltreatment during the filming, under the extreme '
              'weather and locale, and the final product is principally '
              'recommendable for its sleek plot twists, waggish dialog and '
              'highly entertaining cat-and-mouse chases and skirmishes, but '
              "bearing in mind Hao Ning's reputation as Chinese Guy Ritchie or "
              "Quentin Tarantino, NO MAN'S LAND could be more unorthodox and "
              'maybe its original version is, but woefully we would never '
              'know.',
 'tt1458902': "It's not a new premise by any measure, but the narrative and "
              'dialogue has enough originality to hold some interest. There '
              'are moments of brilliance in the cinematography, like islands '
              'in a sea of low budget mediocrity. "Futurising" the present by '
              "dropping in the odd cheesy special effect really doesn't work; "
              'either go all the way, or be way more subtle. This is just '
              'disjointed world-building that drops the viewer out of the '
              'story.The acting and dialogue is like the cinematography. '
              'Inconsistent. Moments of beauty and powerful nuance, drowning '
              "in acres of awkward and stilted.I'm glad Dean can still get "
              "work. I've always had a soft spot for him. He's not a great "
              'actor, and his 50+ years sans A-grade Hollywood cosmetic '
              'surgery/stylist/nutritionist/trainer budget are showing, but he '
              'seems like such a nice guy. He deserves a shot, and this film '
              'shows not all hope is lost.',
 'tt1459832': 'One of the earth-shaking feature debuts in the history of '
              "Chinese cinema, Kevin Feng Ke's Letters from Death Row (Ba Bai "
              "Bang) provides an unique perspective on China's death row "
              'inmates that rejects both sentimentality and voguish cynicism. '
              'Its unflinching, but also warmly accommodating, outlook on '
              'prison life attracted Taiwanese veteran filmmaker Hsu Hsiao '
              'Ming (a long time collaborator of Hou Hsiao Hsieh and Peggie '
              "Chiao) to take on the role as executive-producer of Ke's film. "
              'Ironically, the Chinese title is as much as a response to '
              "Truffaut's debut The 400 Blows as it means 800 Blows in "
              'Chinese.The overall impact is powerful and undeniably moving. '
              'The fragile, impossible love that suggests itself delicately '
              'between the two prisoners, as they broadcast letters over the '
              'radio, takes on a real poignancy with the reality of death '
              'possibly only a day or two away. For the same reason, this is '
              "so much more than a simple love story, it's also a meditation "
              'on how the knowledge of impending death forces us to question '
              'our lives, and how everything - such as the touch of another '
              'human being takes on a new and sharper focus.Interestingly and '
              'importantly it is not a judgmental film. The camera instead '
              'holds a steady eye up to the lives of these prisoners, whose '
              'lives literally hang in the balance, and invites the audience '
              'to draw its own conclusions on the effectiveness and/or moral '
              'justification of capital punishment.That said, the "steady eye" '
              'approach does give the impression of certain scenes going on '
              'for a bit too long, which for some people (especially buyers) '
              'can test patience. Clearly the film is what it is - '
              'slow-burning and contemplative, rather than fast and '
              'action-packed. It needs to be more pace, for example one of the '
              'opening scenes with the top dog acting as "judge" needs to be '
              'much brisker and perhaps even broken up to give more sense of '
              'fluidity.One discovers in this picture a raw and complicated '
              'emotional core which, as in the films of John Cassavetes, '
              'Maurice Pialat, and the Dardenne brothers, among others, '
              'reveals upon closer examination a remarkably rigorous visual '
              'aesthetic, and a facility of direction which lifts both '
              'seasoned actors and debut amateurs to the level of '
              'greatness.Piers Handling',
 'tt1460743': 'The Dark Stone gang is tracing the remains of a Buddhist '
              'priest, because the rumour is that the person who owns those '
              'remains will rule over the kung fu world. One of the assassins '
              'kills the person who owns half of the corpse, and then makes '
              'off with it, thereby betraying her gang. She then meets Wisdom, '
              'a martial arts master turned monk, who teaches her that her '
              'deed was wrong; she therefore seeks a physician who can change '
              'her face for her, turning her into Zeng Jing (the lovely '
              'Michelle Yeoh). In her new identity, she becomes a fabric '
              'merchant in the big city, where she meets and falls in love '
              'with messenger Jiang A-sheng (Woo-sung Jung); soon they marry '
              'and appear to have a tranquil life together. But all is not as '
              'it seems; not only is Zeng Jing not who she says she is, but '
              'neither is Jiang A-sheng, and in the meantime her old gang, '
              'among others, continues to search for their erstwhile companion '
              '- and the remains of the monk....This 2010 film was Michelle '
              'Yeoh\'s first wuxia film since the acclaimed "Crouching Tiger, '
              'Hidden Dragon," and she is as beautiful and graceful as ever, '
              'playing a rather complex character who is adept at hiding who '
              'she really is, yet capable of sincerely falling in love even '
              "when she's, perhaps first and foremost, a killer. The martial "
              'arts fights are amazing, but never silly-looking, and the '
              'supporting characters are all well-drawn, including a young '
              "woman brought into the gang to take Zeng Jing's place, a "
              '"magician" who uses both martial arts and magic to defeat his '
              'enemies, and the leader of the Dark Stone gang, a eunuch who '
              'wants nothing more than to be a "real man," yet who is more '
              'skilled a fighter then all of them. Must of this story takes '
              "place in city-scapes and at night, so we don't have the lovely "
              'landscapes sometimes seen in historical martial arts films, but '
              'with Yeoh illuminating the screen with her graceful presence, '
              'who needs mere trees and mountains?',
 'tt1478291': 'Originally and more accurately titled Looking For Jackie, this '
              '2009 Chinese family comedy has been retitled for its UK release '
              "in a cynical attempt to cash-in on Jackie Chan's recent Karate "
              'Kid remake. But with little screen time for the martial arts '
              'legend, does the film offer enough elsewhere to placate fans '
              'angry at being duped into picking up this DVD?A little research '
              'shows that Jackie Chan & The Kung Fu Kid was certainly a hit at '
              'the domestic box office, setting a new record for local '
              'children and family friendly productions. The film is not '
              'unwatchable and there is some ironic fun to be had, mostly due '
              'to its stiff lipped and po-faced tone. However, for anyone '
              'expecting to see much of Jackie Chan, martial arts action in '
              "general, or even an engaging 'rights of passage' tale about one "
              "boy's journey into manhood, will be left disappointed. PD",
 'tt1479277': 'This Film began to imitate Stephen Chow\'s "does not make '
              'sense" style from the first scene, a lot of sections have very '
              'serious imitation traces, but the director failed to learn '
              "Chow's meaning, just to repeat some superficial techniques, and "
              'Even Worse, actors can only mechanically imitate some long '
              'outdated gimmicks. In my opinion, Qiang Li (act Wang Lao Wu) '
              "and Zongwan Wei (act as Wang's father in law) who have good "
              'qualities of acting in Mang jing (2003) and "San guo yan yi" '
              '(1995) separately have been guided to produce very low energy, '
              'they wasted their talent for this film which is relatively '
              'mediocre in the entire script, that making the film looks like '
              "a student's homework.",
 'tt1483811': '"Xunzhao zhimei gengdeng" or "The Search" to give it its '
              'English name is a slow paced but beautiful film set in rural '
              'Tibet. A film Director and his cameraman go on a road trip '
              'accompanied by a local businessman and driver in search of '
              'singing and acting talent for a new film. At each new village '
              'we meet the great, the good and the down right awful! They find '
              'a young girl to play one of the main roles almost immediately '
              'but she will only perform if they reunite her with her '
              'ex-boyfriend to play alongside her. Along the way the '
              'businessman reveals he has a love story of his own which '
              'parallels that of the young girl.I saw this at the 2009 London '
              'film festival where the film played to a packed audience but I '
              'am sorry to say there were quite a few that left before the '
              'end. Personally I think they missed out. Those that left '
              'probably had the wrong expectations when they came to the '
              'cinema. This film is not another "mountain Petrol" there are no '
              'beautiful sweeping shots of mountains or wildlife. Instead we '
              'are taken into real village life. Not picture postcard, not '
              'politically charged, just normal people doing normal things in '
              'normal lives. Another factor that might put people off is that '
              'the "action" (this is a gentle slow paced film) is always '
              'filmed at a distance. This means that the characters are framed '
              'by the environment around them. They are placed in the context '
              'of their lives, Where they work, where they live. This is in '
              'contrast to so many modern western films where the action is '
              'always close in, right up to the actors faces. Most of all we '
              'get the performances. The singing of the Girl from the first '
              'village is truly beautiful. Please go see this beautiful, '
              'funny, eye opening film.',
 'tt1487861': '"Your tea is cold. I will refill it for you." A reoccurring '
              'phrase from the movie that will mean so much to you after you '
              'watch it. Eternal Beloved is about a story that takes place in '
              'the early to mid 20th century China.Mr. and Mrs. Mo, a young '
              'couple, move into a troubled house which used to be a '
              'monastery. One evening, the wife meets the spirit of a monk '
              'standing under a tree in the front yard. She gathers her wit '
              'and listens to his story. He tells his story from 50 years ago '
              '- a story of family rivalry and unrequited love.The monk, in '
              'his previous life, was Ah-Ming, the younger brother of a bandit '
              "leader. As he's horse-riding one day, he sees a beautiful young "
              'woman (Ah-Jiu) and decides to kidnap her and force her to marry '
              'him. Years pass and despite his persistence to woo her, she '
              'remains silent and cold. But one day she begins to smile at '
              "him. This doesn't last long and their love is abruptly cut "
              'short.Ah-Ming waits for his lover for 50 years as a ghost, but '
              'will she ever return to him? Will he get to another chance to '
              'make her happy? The movie is fairly easy to follow and will '
              "keep your attention, as long as you don't mind storytelling. As "
              'with most things, having patience paid off with this movie - '
              'the last ten minutes was the most dramatic segment, a release '
              'of all the emotions built up throughout the movie.Character '
              'development is also fantastic - the main characters are '
              'realistic and deep. Feihong Yu and Yihong Duan performed '
              'exceptionally well in their roles: Mrs. Yu plays both the quiet '
              'and cold role of Ah-Jiu and the friendly, gregarious character '
              'of Mrs. Mo. Yihong Duan does an even more fantastic job with '
              'his two roles: on one side, he is the tired, broken-hearted '
              'spirit and on the other, an energetic man who enjoys everything '
              'young people did.I also want to mention that the use of audio, '
              'particularly music, is also very well thought out. Some scenes '
              'were really brought to life, especially the last part, with the '
              'choice of music.Overall 8.5/10',
 'tt1491616': 'The Everlasting Flame is the official documentary of the 2008 '
              'Summer Olympics, which were held in Beijing. The movie takes '
              'two approaches towards documenting the games. The first is to '
              'highlight a handful of athletes: Thomasz Wylenzek (Germany, '
              'canoeing), Kyle Bennett (USA, BMX racing), Haile Gebreselassie '
              '(Ethiopia, 10K race), Usain Bolt & Asafa Powell (Jamaica, '
              'track) and Hadi Saei & Sara Khosjamal Fekri (Iran, Taekwondo). '
              'These athletes are shown training at home and special attention '
              "is paid to their events. The women's gymnastics events are also "
              'given detailed treatment. All of the rest of the events are '
              'covered in snippets and montages, which is a shame, but given '
              'the number of events, understandable. The opening ceremonies, '
              'directed by Zhang Jimou, are also given an in depth look, '
              'although they were so beautiful, I could have watched a whole '
              'movie about them.',
 'tt1494775': 'Warning: This is for those hard-core action or robot fans. If '
              'you are expecting this to be as explosive as Transformers, you '
              'are in for a rude shock. Kung Fu Cyoborg is actually a romance '
              'story with robots as its sub-plot. Now, with romance as its '
              "main plot, don't expect amazing and explosive action. Yeah, "
              'there are a few action scenes but they are not really '
              'fantastic, in fact, they disappoint. The rarely-appeared Wu '
              'Jing is the only one in the movie to use Kung Fu plus he barely '
              'use it, hence the title Kung Fu Cyborg.The story: When it is '
              "production, people are saying that it would be the Chinese's "
              'Transformers. Indeed it is but it is obviously no match for '
              'Transformers. Transformers has a massive budget and Kung Fu '
              'Cyborg has a low budget. So there is a difference in the CGI '
              'robots. In Kung Fu Cyborg, you get cheap CGI robots fighting '
              'but at least they are entertaining. But when it comes to the '
              'story, it is where it is not good. The romance story tends to '
              'get a bit boring and the comedic scenes are not very amusing. '
              'There are no main action plot even there is no main villain. '
              'Action fans like me will be disappointed in lack of action. The '
              'romance plot starts a bit slow but the pace of second half of '
              'the movie seems to be faster.Overall: It is not so bad but it '
              'is disappointing as it lacks of amazing action. When we hear '
              'the title, Kung Fu Cyborg, who does not think it will be fulled '
              'of action. On the whole, it may be disappointing but at least, '
              'some entertainment values are there. It is okay if you just '
              'leave your brain at home and not expect any amazing action '
              'scene.',
 'tt1498858': 'I always been a great fan of jet Li and the martial arts cinema '
              'and this film just prove something that I knew for long time, '
              'how great actors some martial artists can be. but beyond the '
              'amazing performance of jet Li, this movie is a beautiful story '
              'about a terminally ill father and his autistic son, and how the '
              'real love is beyond everything even death...the performance of '
              'the rest of the cast is perfect,specially wen zhang, who plays '
              "jet Li's son, his performance is brilliant, this guy is going "
              'to be a star.All the cast shines on this beautiful tale.this is '
              'the kind of stories that make cinema so great and in my opinion '
              'this film is much better movie than any of the nominees to best '
              'picture movie of this year...',
 'tt1500703': "Huang Bo plays a village outcast who's more than a little slow, "
              'but basically a well-intentioned and honest man. At the '
              'beginning of the film we realize his entire village has been '
              'massacred by invading Japanese soldiers, and slowly the film '
              'begins to reconstruct the life of the unfortunate survivor '
              'through a series of flashbacks. His last and most faithful '
              'friend is a cow that he has unexpectedly come into possession '
              "of, a relationship we begin to appreciate as the man's past is "
              'revealed. Full of unexpected twists and turns, the film '
              "certainly manages to hold one's attention despite the seemingly "
              'simple story. One of the more interesting Chinese films made '
              'this year. Huang Bo previously played in the Chinese comic hit '
              '"Crazy Stone".',
 'tt1501292': 'After seeing Charging out Amazon, I think that it is an '
              'exciting and inspiring film. The scenes and the development of '
              'plot attracted me. This review will mainly analyze this film '
              "from characters' traits, style of language and narrative. The "
              'opening of this film clearly introduced the cause of this '
              'story, and it also showed several main characters to audience. '
              'So it could make me know the relationship among the characters '
              'and what the story will talk about generally. I can say that it '
              'gave a good and clear prompt to audience. This film mainly told '
              "about some different countries' soldiers trained together in "
              "Hunter School. The story rounded these soldiers' training, and "
              'their training was from simple from complex. So the plot of '
              "this film was from soldiers' simple training to complex "
              'striking illegal action. In a word, the plot was from calm to '
              'exciting, therefore it attracted me and made me have interest '
              'to continue to see this film. From my point, this kind of '
              'arrangement to this film is logical.In this film, the '
              "characters' traits also attracted me. First of all, I would "
              'like to analyze the Chinese soldier named Wang Hui. In my '
              'opinion, his character changed during the process of training '
              'in Hunter School. At the beginning of training, he was not '
              'mature and not calm, so he nearly gave up this hard-won chance. '
              "Through his companion's reminding and reflecting on himself, "
              'Wang Hui griped this chance and exercised himself well. '
              'Meanwhile he also made himself become more and more mature. '
              'From my point, the change of Wang Hui could give young people a '
              'great enlightenment, and it told us when we make decision we '
              'should be calm and think what we should do actually. Certainly, '
              'Wang Hui had some good qualities such as brave, do not give up '
              'and care for his companions. These qualities showed a typical '
              'Chinese soldier. Next, I want to talk about the headmaster of '
              'Hunter School. He told soldiers that there were no names, no '
              'nationalities, and only numbers when they were in Hunter '
              'School. From this scene, we can know that he told his soldiers '
              'that in this school everything was fair. Certainly, the '
              'headmaster dealt with everything fairly, even if he and his '
              'daughter made mistake, they accepted punishment in the same '
              'way. Besides fair, the headmaster was a philanthropic person. '
              'He concerned each soldier like his daughter, and he called them '
              'as children. From these scenes, it can prove that the '
              'headmaster educate each soldier as his own children. But the '
              'leader of an illegal gang treated his members badly. It showed '
              'an obvious contrast for audience.Although this is a military '
              'story, besides some tussling plot, there is also plot about '
              "emotion for example father's love. This film mentioned two "
              'fathers, and they were headmaster and Johnson respectively. At '
              "first, I analyzed headmaster's love to his daughter. He "
              'educated his daughter that as a soldier, he must obey '
              'discipline. If he makes mistakes, he should accept punishment, '
              'even he is a general. From this scene, we can see that the '
              'headmaster was strict with his daughter, even he was unnatural. '
              'When his daughter was in danger, the headmaster lost calm and '
              'was very worried about her. At that time, he was not a general '
              'while he was an ordinary father. About Johnson, when he knew '
              'that his daughter was ill and her situation was bad, he wanted '
              'to go back her. So he hurt himself in an action, after that he '
              'got chance to go home and money. Though his behavior was '
              'fraudulent, I could understand it, because his behavior was for '
              "his daughter's treatment. As a father, headmaster's love and "
              "Johnson's love to their daughters was deep and moving. Besides "
              "father's love, the friendship among these soldiers was an "
              "important part of this film's emotion. During the process of "
              'training, they repelled each other at the beginning, but after '
              'cooperation constantly, they could help each other, even they '
              'encouraged each other. Among them names, nationalities and '
              'prejudice disappeared gradually, they made me be moving.This '
              'film is classical narrative structure. It included the set-up, '
              'development and resolution. At the beginning of this film, it '
              "clearly introduced that some different countries' soldiers "
              'would train together in the next twelve weeks. So when audience '
              'saw the film, they had purpose. And it can make audience '
              'understand and grip the content well in the next process of '
              'seeing. In the development, those soldiers only trained '
              "originally, but because of breaking an illegal gang's business, "
              'the leader of the gang wanted to destroy Hunter School and they '
              'actually took action to Hunter School. Because of adding this '
              "part, the plot moved into climax. In the process of the story's "
              'development, there was a problem, which these soldiers tried '
              'their best to keep their national flags in Hunter School. The '
              'resolution was that their national flags were kept in Hunter '
              'School via their endeavor; simultaneously the illegal gang was '
              'destroyed by soldiers.Finally, I would like to make review in '
              'the language of this film. This film is a military film, so the '
              'style of language is succinct and full of momentum. In the '
              'whole film, a sentence impressed me, which is "you and I '
              'represent China." This sentence appeared twice, and from the '
              'sentence we could see that the two Chinese soldiers took '
              'benefit of China seriously. Actually, for the benefit of China, '
              'they challenged difficulties and tried their best to finish '
              'tasks well. Though the sentence is short, it can express the '
              "soldiers' emotion to China. In this movie, the sentences of "
              "characters were short, but they could reflect soldiers' trait "
              'which is speediness.In conclusion, this essay made review about '
              'Charging out Amazon from plot structure, characters, style of '
              'language and narrative. This film is based on a real story, and '
              'the plot is exciting, so it attracted many audiences.',
 'tt1510811': 'He rules, and I would like to befriend him.Always blessed to '
              'get a glimpse into the lives of people so different than my '
              'own. A bit of a slog to get through but good nonetheless.',
 'tt1511528': 'I saw this with "Riders of the Whistling Skull," which I swear '
              'I first saw decades ago. It was a movie about movies without '
              'self-knowledge. This is the opposite. It is from Hong Kong, '
              'possibly the most introspective film source we have (after '
              'Barcelona). The story is an Indiana Jones bit, just like the '
              'Whistling Skull: a treasure with cryptic clues that needs a '
              "woman to translate. Isn't that always the way? The men fight "
              'and dig and make the rationale, but the women see and know.The '
              'gimmick here is that all the key male characters look like '
              'famous kung fu actors. They have similar names as well, and '
              'many of the jokes are built on this in the story. This element '
              'makes it mildly interesting: the deliberate, overt movie about '
              'movies, with as many weaves as can be made, from other movies, '
              'references and characters as famous actors (not famous '
              'characters).Francis Ng, who wrote directed and stars, '
              "apparently specializes in this.Pace Wu is lovely.Ted's "
              'Evaluation -- 2 of 3: Has some interesting elements.',
 'tt1514426': "There's a certain familiar ring to this slick comedy that made "
              'it enjoyable to sit through, from characters wonderfully '
              'portrayed to the premise of having the zaniest of events play '
              "out in one overnight mad caper, and it's even more surprising "
              "when it's helmed by first time writer- director Qing Yang who "
              'delivered this definite crowd pleaser almost like a '
              'veteranThings seem almost routine at Wang Wang Supermarket, '
              'where geeky staff Li Junwei (Qiao Renlang) continues his '
              'voyeuristic activity spying on fellow staff, the pretty Tang '
              'Xiaolian (Li Xiaolu), recording her movements slyly from his '
              'camera phone. Unable to muster any courage to ask her out, the '
              'circumstances that will unfold over the next few hours will put '
              'him in direct contact with the girl of his dreams, although he '
              'has to figure out how to get them out of their predicament when '
              'He Sanshui (Xu Zheng) barges into the shop demanding that the '
              'shop owner gives him his lottery winnings because of a botched '
              'up ticketing.There are plenty of reversal of roles here as to '
              "who's the captor and the captive, coupled with the a handful of "
              'hilarious incidents that happen in the supermarket when '
              "Sanshui, in executing Junwei's plan of running the supermarket "
              'as his own and recouping his losses through sales, encounters a '
              'myriad of clientele walking into the store. What more, having '
              'his henchman Lun Tai (Wang Dongfang) on the loose and very much '
              'hungry, adds on to the spot of laughter, especially when a '
              'taser gets thrown into the mix. While the first half was fun, '
              'the second half dragged a little in having the premise become a '
              'lot more complicated as if searching hard for the perfect way '
              'to end it. The final act with the robber threatened to unravel '
              'all the good work done earlier on, throwing in the subplot of a '
              'diamond heist gone wrong a tad too late. Nonetheless it still '
              'had many positives going for it, with the coda after the '
              'credits being something predictable from the start.',
 'tt1515202': 'I never expected it was directed by Wenli jiang, a famous '
              'actress in china. And as her first movie, it was really '
              'impressive. The storyline is kind of average, and you may find '
              'it nothing to write home about at first sight. But if you view '
              "it from another perspective, you'll see the beauty of this "
              'movie.\n'
              'firstly, the details should merit much attention. when I saw '
              'little girl Lan playing chinese jump rope, there was a warm '
              'feeling rising from the bottom of my heart. This game was so '
              'popular in China. Yet it was hardly found in any indigenous '
              'movies, you know whether or not a director put efforts into her '
              'work by these details.\n'
              'The feeling in this movie is authentic. You wont find any '
              'forced take like you do in many blockbusters.\n'
              'highly recommended.',
 'tt1516595': 'Award-winning directrix, film professor, and one of Horror '
              'Society\'s "Top 13 Influential Women In the history of Horror" '
              'Devi Snively makes her feature film debut with this smart, '
              'whimsical send-up of the classic plot line "horny teens go to a '
              'friend\'s cabin". By mixing this workhorse story with a fresh '
              "twist of Mary Jane humor and Snively's keen cinematic eye, the "
              "Trippin' micro-budget team has created a niche movie sure to "
              'entertain a large population of suspense/thriller/horror '
              "addicts, and humorists who love Ms. Snively's signature lovely "
              'wit. Though shot on the now outmoded mini DV format, the '
              'technicals of the piece are still strong for an indie. Sound '
              'and score are proficient, and the visuals are brimming with '
              "creativity and panache. The animated sequence of character's "
              'bad drug trip is a standout sequence rife with the accomplished '
              "company's hilarious interpretation of Snively's brand. TRIPPIN' "
              "is a graceful follow-up to Ms. Snively's many celebrated "
              'trademark dramedy/horror shorts (DEATH IN CHARGE alone has '
              'played over 130 world-wide film festivals and was made through '
              'the impossibly prestigious AFI Directing Workshop for Women), '
              'and will be a solid launching pad for her future feature film '
              'and TV projects in development.',
 'tt1519635': 'Documentary director Weikai Huang has assembled various footage '
              'photographed in urban China - to create a sort of symphony of '
              'disorder. A water main springs a spectacular leak in downtown '
              'traffic; passersby take advantage of the tumult to slow down '
              'and wash their tars. A man possibly fakes being injured in a '
              'car accident; motorists at first offer money to the injured '
              "party, who's brusquely dragged off the pavement by the police. "
              'A half-dressed man poises to jump from a bridge to bring '
              'attention to a stalled legal situation. Pedestrians repeatedly '
              'risk their lives by walking across a busy highway. People go '
              'their daily way, wading through flooded streets. Fattened pigs '
              "go loose across the highway, and don't seem interested in "
              'moving. A disheveled man dances between cars, narrowly avoiding '
              'being struck. In a little under an hour, DISORDER captures '
              "everyday life gone wrong, a vision of civilization that's lost "
              'control of itself. The film is shot in black and white, on '
              'grainy stock to give the feeling of hopelessness and '
              'documentary reality - like modern-day newsreel footage. Except '
              "DISORDER doesn't narrate the action; it's up to the viewer to "
              'assemble the storyline into a portrait of modern life gone '
              "wrong. It's very effective, and almost surreal, at times.",
 'tt1527823': 'One of the first Mainland of China movies that got released '
              'worldwide in 2010. Last Kung Fu Monk is a drama with kung fu '
              'about handle different situations in a different '
              'surroundings.Meet mr Li Long, a Shaolin monk that leave his '
              'beliefs and move to America to find his brother. Instead he '
              'hear the news that his brother and his wife died in a car '
              'accident. His brother has a son though and Li volunteered to '
              'take care of him. To make money, Li befriend a Shaolin fan '
              'named Dave who tells him he can help him to open up a kung fu '
              "school. What Li doesn't know is Dave is connected with the "
              'Russian Mafia and the Russian mafia boss wants his money back '
              'for tribute the schools fundings.When the movie came out on 1st '
              'October 2010 in the cinema I just thought this movie was just '
              "ok, and didn't even put it as a top 20 favorite. But now after "
              '8 years since the release the movie starts to grow on me, and '
              'nowadays the cinema is filled with stereotypes hero movies and '
              'crappy CGI style, this movie has started to grow on me so much '
              'that it is on my top 5 list of my favorite movies of 2010s.And '
              "to compare with nowadays, this movie doesn't deserve the harsh "
              'treatment as it got through the early years, this movie is it '
              'own movie, and to compare with other Chinese mainland movies, '
              'this movie is lighthearted and not much propaganda and quite a '
              'cute movie to watch.I have raised the bar of this movie now and '
              'give it a 10/10 because it deserves it.',
 'tt1533117': 'This movie is really funny and brutal at the same time. Which '
              'is a hard thing to balance. Violence is "real" (with '
              'consequences for the characters involved that is), but the '
              'humor still works. Two factors play into that in my estimation: '
              'The script and the really good actors playing in this.Mixture '
              'works and the CGI effects are really good too. Then you also '
              'have some wonderful dialogue between the main characters that '
              'is so rich, the translation might not do it entire justice '
              '(watched it with subtitles on and was hard to follow from time '
              "to time). But it's apparent how much fun they had shooting this "
              'movie. If you like eastern movies, I do not need to convince '
              'you to watch this. But maybe this can be your entry into a '
              'whole new (fascinating) world for you ...',
 'tt1534449': 'Chances are that if you like the Jackie Chan style of movies '
              'that you will find "Kung Fu Man" (aka "Kung Fu Hero") enjoyable '
              'as well, because it is in the same category. The movie is fast '
              'paced, action-packed and fun for the entire family.The story is '
              'about a boy having been kidnapped who happen to end up with '
              'Ping, a local storekeeper. Unable to communicate with one '
              'another and with the kidnappers in hot pursuit, Ping is trying '
              'to return the boy back to his parents.As to be expected, the '
              'storyline opens up for a fast paced cat-and-mouse-chase across '
              'the town in which where Ping lives. And directors Ying Ning and '
              'Cheung-Yan Yuen managed to put together not only a good story, '
              'but also an action-packed ride for the audience to enjoy.Tiger '
              'Chen (playing Ping) and Mengjie Jiang (playing the English '
              'teacher in the town) did good jobs with their given parts. And '
              'I will say that Tiger Chen also is quick on foot and has some '
              'impressive martial arts skills. Arman Darbu (playing '
              'Christopher) was a nuisance with his constant screaming.If you '
              'like Asian martial arts and a good wholesome family-appealing '
              'movie then you should perhaps give "Kung Fu Man" a chance. I '
              'found it by sheer random chance and I was genuinely surprised '
              'with the movie. I found it entertaining in a manner similar to '
              'Jackie Chan movies.',
 'tt1541995': 'I finished reading all the previous reviews to have a clear '
              'idea about what other people saw in this movie, and I must say '
              'that all that emphasis about the film being too different from '
              "the book doesn't show a great understanding of the cinematic "
              'technique. A movie is not a book. The visual, with long shots '
              'and close ups, the dialogue and the music, even the noises, '
              'take over all the written pages to express a single gesture, '
              'the full description of a landscape, or the design of a dress. '
              'A single close up can give us the essence of a full '
              'chapter.This movie is sheer poetry. Forget about the original '
              'book that helped to create this jewel of a movie, just watch '
              'this film, allow your senses to be absorbed by the two parallel '
              'stories --the contemporary and the historical-- and just absorb '
              'all that beauty offered to you in the story-line, the exquisite '
              'photography, the delicacy of sentiments expressed by these '
              "women (it is a terrible film for men's egos, because we come a "
              'very poor second compared with those women, overpowered by '
              "men's brutality and yet transcending the horrible handicaps "
              'imposed on them, like the tiding of their feet from early age, '
              'to convert them into defenseless crippled creatures, totally '
              'depending on men, and their virtual slaves for life).The image '
              'of those bounded stomps, deformed to the point of becoming '
              'unrecognizable as human feet symbolizes too the humiliation '
              'some ultraconservative elements of society try to impose over '
              'minorities as if to say: "There, you\'ll go thru life bounded '
              'and suffering, freedom to be yourself will be denied to you '
              'because I want it so". The total love among these "Sisters for '
              'life" was infinitely superior to the love these women could '
              'have had for their husbands. We see that in both cases --the '
              'historic and the contemporary-- and in both cases it lasted, '
              'strong, to the last consequences.Contrary to other viewers, I '
              "didn't have the slightest problem in following the development "
              'of the two parallel stories, since it was done in a very '
              'natural, simple and honest way; both stories superbly '
              'intertwined to perfection till the final resolution. ¿A '
              'masterpiece? yes, I think so.',
 'tt1554523': 'There is a scene, about two thirds of the way through, in which '
              'an older woman, mother to three children, sits down with her '
              'eldest daughter and the boy she has fallen in love with, and '
              'for about five minutes, they speak to each other. These are '
              'hard times – all three know it. At the beginning of the scene, '
              'the mother is sceptical. She treats the two as children, with '
              'their heads in the clouds. But the conversation develops, and '
              'gradually, we realise a change in the mother. She cannot back '
              'down – in practical, surviving terms, she is in the right. But '
              'she softens her approach, and by the end, even has a kind of '
              'basic respect for the two, behind her frosty exterior. For she '
              'has seen the love that these two have for each other, and '
              'recognised it. It was then that I knew I was watching a great '
              'movie\x85'
              "If 'Lola' was a disappointment in the Asia Triennial Film "
              "Festival this year, Zhang Yimou's new film – a love story set "
              'during the Chinese Cultural Revolution – makes up for it '
              "tenfold. It's not very often I get the opportunity to rave "
              'about a film like this, as they are so rarely done well; '
              'cynicism, plot complication and saccharine cliché at turns are '
              'what often makes a love story such as this horrifically '
              'superficial and painful to watch. But Yimou knows what he is '
              'doing. Arguably the finest working Chinese director (with the '
              "masterpieces 'Raise The Red Lantern', 'Hero' and 'House of "
              "Flying Daggers' to his name), he has succeeded here in making a "
              'beautiful, heartfelt film, spilling over with the love and care '
              'that has gone into its production. Zhang Jingqiu is a student '
              'sent to do research and write a report for her school on a '
              'small village in Yichang City. She stays with the head of the '
              'village and his family. While there, she meets Sun, a geology '
              'student. What follows is inevitable. But how delicately '
              'rendered it is: Jing is the most beautiful, innocent young '
              'woman Sun has ever seen, and Jing, emotional and vulnerable, is '
              "amazed by him. Love at first sight! But this isn't as whimsical "
              "as it sounds. Yimou hasn't completely forgotten his political "
              'ideals and ability for scathing criticism: with this latest '
              "endeavour, he explores just how stifled and suffocating Mao's "
              'regime was for everyone under his power, and the emotional '
              'deadlock that threaten to destroy his protagonists at every '
              'turn. Frolicking, even in the most innocent sense of the work, '
              'was risky; Sun and Jing are from different classes, '
              'exacerbating the issue. Were they to be found out, her life and '
              'ambitions to work as a teacher would be ruined.I was unsure, '
              'during the first half of the film, what to think. Yimou makes '
              'some interesting structural choices as regarding his narrative '
              '– many of the scenes are divided by inter-titles, telling us of '
              'an event we are not allowed to see, and then moving on to its '
              'aftermath. Most directors would die before doing this – '
              'especially in a film requiring the emotional impact this needs '
              '– and, I admit, I doubted its benefits at first. But instead of '
              'hindering the drive of the plot, Yimou has used it in such a '
              'way – not to cut the film into a digestible running length, but '
              'simply to avoid over melodramatics, and focus (almost entirely) '
              'on the couple in question. Supplementary information is given '
              'to us by other means – the filmed scenes are belong exclusively '
              "to Yimou's exploration of our two protagonists' relationship. "
              'It works perfectly. Of course, we all know the rules. Both '
              'lovers are alive at the beginning; the same cannot be said '
              'after the end credits begin to roll. What makes this movie so '
              "wonderful isn't its startling originality; it isn't going to "
              'revolutionise cinema as we know it, or spark off long lasting '
              'controversy. Rather, what we are offered is a little less '
              'prestigious, but by no means less special. What we find is '
              "emotional honesty – when we start to cry at the end, we don't "
              "feel cheated; instead, we revel in the director's success. More "
              'importantly, though, we have felt for his characters, having '
              'engaged with them completely, and have a kind of renewed '
              'respect for the kind of pure, unconditional love we have been '
              "shown. The film is yet another example of Yimou's mastery of "
              "the 'anti-melodrama' – much like his early work, this is "
              'incredibly restrained, beautifully measured and patiently '
              'observed, shot through with a warmth and tender humanity that '
              "shouldn't inspire anything but admiration. Cynics – stay away. "
              'But for all the romantics out there (of which I, admittedly, am '
              "one), I couldn't recommend this more highly. Simply put, it's "
              'exquisite.',
 'tt1556143': 'Musicals are a relatively new and uncommon thing in Chinese '
              'culture and society, even today not nearly necessarily as '
              'well-known or popular as in the United States and Europe, and '
              'so I think it is at least interesting for a Chinese cast and '
              'crew to attempt making one.Despite its name, the movie is set '
              'in a college setting, I think because the producer said in '
              'China, it is the college years which are far more carefree and '
              'enjoyable than the high school ones (while the reverse can be '
              'true in some Western countries).It is not quite as well-made as '
              'the original High School Musical films, and far from perfect '
              'indeed, but again, I think it was a fairly good and concerted '
              'effort to make a Chinese-style musical film, showing the '
              "difficulties and struggles of young people in today's China and "
              'their occasional clash with the older generation and their '
              'families as they struggle to realize and pursue their own '
              'dreams and passions. Suffice it to say, this is about two young '
              'people and their shared desire to express themselves through '
              'music despite opposition from her parents and authority '
              "figures.The music while a bit showy wasn't at all so bad, "
              'especially the song sung in the auditorium at the end of the '
              'movie, akin to Breaking Free from the original film. Certainly '
              'not the best film and could have been better, but not exactly '
              "the worst either in my opinion, give it a try, maybe you'll "
              'enjoy it more than you thought.',
 'tt1580409': 'The old society was really avantgarde.\n'
              'In pre-communism era of China, a widowed man fell in love with '
              'a young collegue of the same age of his own children.',
 'tt1587878': 'This one hooked me within minutes. Great storytelling using a '
              'simple premise. A man returns to Shanghai to see his wife and '
              'family after being forced to live in Taiwan for many years for '
              "political reasons.It's amazing what you can do with basic "
              'storytelling fundamentals. Conflict, well rounded characters '
              "and heart. I wonder why Hollywood can't make films like "
              'this.Anyways, the performances are wonderful from the entire '
              'cast, particularly the three leads. There is plenty of drama '
              'and some lovely warm and comic touches to lighten things up. I '
              "don't know a great deal about the history between China and "
              "Taiwan but this didn't effect my enjoyment or understanding of "
              'the story.It made me think of my own family and past loves, '
              'etc. What good cinema is supposed to do.',
 'tt1606322': 'A decent attempt at a Hitchcockian psychological drama. Chinese '
              'censorship precludes this from being a horror movie and adding '
              'it to this genre takes away from the film as the epilogue '
              'round-up at the end is unfortunately expected and holds no '
              'surprises.',
 'tt1613084': 'These are my thoughts I wrote up after seeing the film last '
              'year at the New York Film Festival: This is a three hour '
              'documentary about a small mountain top village near the Myanmar '
              'border. The town was abandoned in 1985 by the Chinese '
              'government and the surrounding farmers moved in. The film '
              'follows the harsh lives of several of the villager over the '
              'course of approximately a year. (The details of the preceding '
              'were gleaned from a post film discussion with the director , '
              'Zhao Dayong, and are not mentioned in the film) The characters '
              'include a preacher and his father (the focus of the first third '
              'of the film) who keep their Christian faith alive; a truck '
              "driver, a divorced farmer who's wife has moved away, a young "
              'girl who was swindled into marriage and now has a child, and a '
              'drunk in the town (The second part of the film) and a 12 year '
              'old boy living alone (focus of the final third). Its a rambling '
              'slice of life where the director points his camera and lets '
              'things happen, or not happen as the people of the village talk '
              'about their lives and nothing important.At times this is a '
              'hypnotic film. One can very easily fall into it. Despite the '
              "film feeling about four times its three hour length (I'll get "
              'to that in a moment) I was happy to just let the film roll on '
              'before my eyes. There is a kind of wisdom and philosophy at '
              'times to it all. How do we get by? There is some stunningly '
              'beautiful images. This is a town high in the mountains and the '
              "views are amazing. You'll want to go just to see this place. "
              'There is magic in the small moments, the drunk with his mother, '
              'the 12 year old being a boy, the odd image of a giant chicken, '
              'the result of mixed perspective; the truck driver dealing with '
              "a cop who doesn't want him to have passengers, the father and "
              'son debating if one can sing and play the guitar. There is some '
              'wonderful things here.The problem is this is a long 3 hours for '
              'no good reason. Shots go on way too long. There seem to be '
              'endless shots of the dogs and cats in the town. We watch the '
              'boy cook a cake in what seems like real time. Nothing happens '
              'frequently. You want real life, here it is, but it makes for a '
              'very long film. The screening at the New York Film Festival had '
              "a large number of walk outs I'm guessing from people who just "
              "didn't have the patience (and don't know what some Chinese "
              'films can be like).This can be like watching paint dry. I was '
              'kind of prepared for what I saw and went with it. Honestly as '
              "it stands now this is one of the longest feeling films I've "
              'seen. Its seems much longer than its three hours because the '
              "pacing is so leisurely.I'm not crazy in love with the film but "
              'I am a fan of the core film. I really hope that the director '
              'will go back to the editing suite and make two changes. First '
              'the film needs some sort of explanation at the start. Where are '
              "we and what are we seeing. I've read numerous reviews that "
              "mentioned details that aren't in the film and which I only "
              'learned when the film was over and the director spoke. Give us '
              'some sort of introduction of where we are and what this place '
              'is, and maybe fill in some of the details of who these people '
              'are. The other thing this film need is trimming. Trim the '
              'animals. Trim the scenes where nothing happens. I understand '
              'this is the pace of life, but people will walk out if it stays '
              'like this. (Oh and something should also be done to the sound '
              'mix because the high end sound the clanging pots and shrill '
              'noises, at least as heard in Alice Tully Hall was often '
              'piercing.) This is a really good movie. Its not the great film '
              'that the Village Voice and Time Out New York have suggested it '
              'is, but it is very good, though it does need work. I recommend '
              "it with reservations. If there is a later cut I'm hoping not to "
              'have any.',
 'tt1621780': 'This film is shot like a US TV show style. It blends HongKong '
              "culture into where the film is set, Beijing. It's based on the "
              'pursuit of materialism and has no sense of any real Chinese '
              'culture. The cast is unconvincing, the clothing design makes '
              'every single character in the film look like fashion model.The '
              'storyline is linear and weak. The camera work is basic, and the '
              'film puts too much emphasis on colors and visuals. The '
              'characters lacks individual personality through-out the film. '
              "And there's a constant feel that this is a piece of HongKong "
              'drama, and with plenty of US style of shooting copied '
              'over.Overall, it feels artificial and tasteless.',
 'tt1623759': 'Sure the main characters happen to be super heroes. But in '
              'essence they are as human as can be. It is fun to see the '
              'couple romancing each other. And for once this is a production '
              'very light on drama. That would just ruin the overall vibe. The '
              'visuals are nice and certainly the highlight of the movie. No '
              'matter where you look it is one nice image after another. Why '
              'not? Not all movies have to be about something to be enjoyed. '
              "The comedy also is light so it won't make you laugh all the "
              'time. But there are enough scenes that are recognizable which '
              'makes it all very adorable. Also the pacing is not what you '
              'would expect from a movie containing super heroes. People '
              "expecting some decent action will get their money's worth. But "
              'most action scenes are very short and they only are there to '
              'put another spin on the romantic plot. Overall a very '
              'entertaining experience.',
 'tt1641398': 'Now, I understand that I am not really this movies demographic '
              "(I'm 27, and this movie seemed to have been written with "
              'toddlers in mind) but good films can surpass their target '
              'demographic. Think any good Pixar movie, or the first Shrek, or '
              'How to Train your Dragon. All written primarily for kids, but '
              'enjoyable to everyone. I would say that Little Gobie is the '
              'complete antithesis of those movies. It exists in a cold, '
              'heartless, poorly rendered (in every sense of the word) world '
              'where plot is secondary to merchandise sales. If you see any '
              'pictures from the premier events for this film, you will notice '
              'that there are always people wearing reindeer horns or holding '
              'plush toys of the movies characters; they seem to be the focus '
              'of all the pictures. This might be because the film is '
              'completely and utterly unwatchable, and so the producers are '
              'trying to squeeze a dime out of the licensed merchandise while '
              "they can because they sure as hell won't be making any profit "
              'off this completely unwatchable film.For starters, the '
              'animation is so bad, that at times I thought I was watching '
              'someone play a Playstation 2 game. All the character models are '
              "horrifying both in design and in motion. The story wouldn't "
              'even be considered adequate on Nick Jr. The translation of the '
              'script is third rate and probably took no more then a couple '
              'hours to complete; I doubt the source material gave them much '
              'to work with though. The voice acting also sounds like it was '
              'completed in about a day. This film was screened at the Garden '
              'State film festival following 2 amateur short films for kids, '
              'and those budget productions (both shot on likely less then '
              '$500) took this 8 Million dollar travesty to school. Whoever '
              'this Tony Tang guy is, I hope he is never allowed near a camera '
              'or animation workstation ever again. Just like how most people '
              'consider Chinese goods to be inferior knockoffs of other '
              'products, this movie is is the dollar store version of Toy '
              'Story.Stay VERY far away.Oh, and a special dishonorable mention '
              'to the California Film Awards who awarded Little Gobie the '
              '"Best Animation" award. There must have been no other entrants '
              'in its category for this thing to have won anything.',
 'tt1646103': 'An outstanding documentary feature which combines brief '
              'interviews with now-aged subjects who were often direct or '
              'secondary observers of key historic events in Shanghai history. '
              'But it is not the factual evidence alone which is fascinating, '
              'rather the personal significance and sociocultural context '
              'which is provided by montage sequences mixing archival footage '
              'with contrasting long pans of contemporary and period '
              'architecture. The subjects comment freely on the character of '
              'their past relatives, and speculate upon their intent and aims '
              'within the context of the time. '
              '******************SPOILER****WARNING***********************This '
              'often involves ironic, unintentional consequences such as '
              'interviewees reflecting on not minding a spartan life under '
              'communism as they had lived it up frequenting the opera '
              'beforehand. One older man now frequenting a senior dance club '
              'speaks freely of the practical necessities overriding '
              'ideological concerns in people attending political events for '
              'the free MSG and mosquito repellent coils. Ironic, given his '
              "relative's instrumental involvement in making MSG production "
              "independent of Japan's Aji-no-Moto. Or those once youthfully "
              'involved with propaganda film now walking through an abandoned '
              'factory floor.There is also a subtext paralleling Shanghainese '
              'history with that of the nation. One instance subtly draws a '
              'historical comparison between the Warring States period and the '
              'alley gang structure of power in early Shanghai, this is '
              'followed by a comic interlude panning by a child bragging for a '
              'fight. The KMT, political assassination in Shanghai, Chiang '
              "Kai-shek's retreat to Taiwan, and the impact of the Cultural "
              'Revolution are all key - but it is also a history of cinema and '
              'theatrical art in the city.Hou Hsiao-Hsien talks about his '
              'impressions of the city while making Flowers of Shanghai, and '
              'how the novel reflects the changing idea of romantic love '
              'there. There is also 1972 footage of Michelangelo Antonioni '
              "having tea after coming to Shanghai by Zhou Enlai's invitation "
              'to make a film,(Chung Kuo - Cina) about the Chinese people. An '
              'interviewee assigned to Antonioni talks about his protest of '
              'the way China was being characterized as backwards. As it turns '
              'out, he says, the film was being used by the Gang of Four as a '
              'pretext to attack Zhou Enlai - a film he has to this day still '
              "never really seen. In another vignette, the director's daughter "
              'reflects upon the reaction to the now classic Spring in a Small '
              "Town, (1948) and her family's move to H.K. to let the dust "
              'settle over what may now seem a stylized romantic film. Wong '
              "Kar-Wai's Days of Being Wild is touched on in an unexpectedly "
              'refreshing and sad manner, and later segments reflecting '
              'entrepreneurial capitalism and contemporary youth culture are '
              'equally unpredictable.There are expected elements in a '
              'documentary of this type, with family members discussing '
              'migration and fragmented lives. But there are also the '
              'recurring architectural extended metaphors typical of Jia '
              "Zhangke's work. These are multiple and constant, less literal "
              'and perhaps more open here. Director Jia has his muse Zhao Tao '
              'in key bridging scenes, using her dance background to reflect '
              'the sentiments of the first interview subject from the senior '
              'dance club who sings the titular song. This delves below the '
              'surface sentiments of romantic nostalgia to reflect '
              'uncertainty, disparity, and ironic consequences that shaped the '
              'city and its filmic representation.',
 'tt1646123': 'An older man who spends long periods of time at sea visits '
              'Chongqing for the first time in 14 years after his son is '
              'killed by police in a hostage crisis. He seeks to know what '
              'happened and what his son was like, but his ex-wife shuns him '
              "and his late son's best friend won't tell him much. The movie "
              "is about the man's quest to find out what happened and what his "
              'son was like.The shots of Chongqing are nice but the plot seems '
              "a bit like films I've scene before. Though we find out what "
              'happened to the son in the end and his father gets a certain '
              "sense of closure, what isn't answered is why the man left his "
              'family in the first place and why he caused his family so much '
              'pain.There are people who say Chinese films assume the audience '
              'needs to be led throughout the film to know what happened, but '
              'this time, the film left out why the man left.At any rate, I '
              "didn't mind this film and it also made me interested in "
              "visiting China, which I haven't done since 1995.",
 'tt1646214': 'Either Chinese pop idol Wang Lee Hom had a breath of '
              'inspiration to try to break into the film making business, or '
              'music is not bringing in as much dough as he would like. Or '
              'perhaps he was feeling bored one day and decided to make a '
              'movie about......himself.Wang Lee Hom writes, directs and stars '
              'in what is easily a glorified fan-fiction about himself. Lee '
              'plays Du Ming Han, pop idol extraordinaire with an over active '
              'imagination and adored by millions. Along with his loyal '
              'manager, Joan (played by actress....JOAN Chen), everyday is a '
              'routine of performances, evading the paparazzi through the use '
              'of disguises and partying at night with his band-mates. One '
              "night after giving the Press the slip, Ming's posh Van "
              'literally runs into a female music student named Song Xiao '
              'Qing. Miraculously unhurt, Xiao Qing checks her "GuZheng" '
              "string instrument for damage. This is when Du Ming Han's "
              "overactive imagination kicks in as Xiao Qing's tune conjures up "
              'images of badly CGI-ed butterflies in his head. Immediately '
              'smitten by her, though he claims he is only her music that he '
              'is in love with, Du Ming Han and his lead guitarist Wei Zhi Bai '
              'track the talented girl to her school. Donning a couple of '
              'silly disguises, they enroll in the schools music department so '
              'that Ming Han can have the pleasure of hearing Xiao Qing play '
              'once again.As much as Du Ming Han daydreams of flowers, '
              'butterflies and beautiful hilltops when he listens to Xian '
              "Qing's music, the entire movie is like a wishful daydream of "
              'writer/director/main actor Wang Lee Hom. The characters that '
              'populate the story are either played too over-the-top for '
              'anyone to take seriously, are utterly unlikable or generally '
              'lack a certain presence. The first flaw falls on every single '
              'side character from the school principle (who happens to be '
              "Xiao Qing's father) to even Wei Zhi Bai. They are all played "
              'for laughs basically, and nothing more. "Utterly unlikable" '
              'goes to the character of Mu Fan, a perfectionist top music '
              'student who Xian Qing has a crush on. Played like a complete '
              'jerk rival to Du Ming Han, his eventual change of heart comes '
              'without any reason other than to move the already plodding plot '
              'along. And lastly there is Xiao Qing, played by actress Liu '
              'Yifei, who feels like a blank slate. Where the other actors ham '
              'it up to the max actress YiFei does not even seem to be trying, '
              'rendering the character of Xiao Qing an expressionless bore. '
              'But perhaps the greatest flaw is the flawless main character '
              'himself. He is a "Mary Sue", perfect in every way. He\'s got '
              'the looks, the cash, the charisma, and is talented in both pop '
              'music and classical Chinese instruments. And we as the audience '
              'are supposed to like him and feel sorry for him even though it '
              'was by his own dishonest actions that put him in a spot in the '
              'first place? Every single "twist" in the plot is easily '
              'predictable and the forced humor gets old really fast. It '
              'really is unclear whether the story is to be firmly rooted in '
              'reality or fantasy. While it gives a very satirical look into '
              'the life of a superstar, there are too many moments where '
              'suspension of disbelief has to be called into play.The story '
              'even defies logic at times, expecting the audience to believe '
              'that a person can slip out of one disguise and into another AND '
              'run from the toilet to the performing stage, all under ten '
              'seconds (unless super-speed is another talent of the main '
              'character).There was one moment where this movie could have set '
              'itself apart. The whole subplot about "soul-mates" as something '
              'mutually exclusive of "lovers" could have been developed more '
              'fully. Perhaps exploring the different types of love that need '
              'not be just romantic love, or expounding on how a Soul Mate '
              'might be more of a metaphysical connection than a merely '
              'emotional one. Instead, after a small tease, the narrative '
              'conveniently lumps "romantic partner" and "soul-mate together" '
              "again and we are back in cliché land.As much as Clark Kent's "
              'glasses is an absurdly thin disguise for Superman, so is Du '
              "Ming Han's disguise in this film. That same thinness translates "
              'to the plot, the characters and even the dialog. "Love In '
              'Disguise" feels like a lazy vanity affair. A self promoting '
              'tale of a musical Mary Sue that offers nothing new to the '
              'genre, not even some new laughs.',
 'tt1648093': 'Historic romances under the pen of a polished novelist have an '
              'almost irresistible appeal to a certain segment of readers. '
              'When the written material is in turn adapted to the screen, it '
              'again has the potential of immense popularity. "Ivanhoe" (1952) '
              'is a case in point.GUAN Yun-chang is arguably the number one '
              "icon in China's historic heroic figures. One local columnist "
              'has pointed out that this hero is worshipped with equal fervour '
              'by both law enforcers and the criminal underworld today. With a '
              'chuckle, he further wonders aloud to himself that when there is '
              'direct confrontation between the two, whose prayers will be '
              'heard.While the novelist\'s depiction of GUAN in "The three '
              'kingdoms" may not be authoritative material for the scholar, it '
              'is deeply ingrained in the mass as if it were divine truth. '
              "Chong and Mak's liberal re-imagining of this and other historic "
              'figures is therefore rather gutsy as it may have traditionalist '
              'grinding their teeth. Based loosely on the set of events '
              '(popularized by the novel) generally referred to as "Clearing '
              'the 5 passes; killing the 6 warriors", the movie plot is a '
              'liberal mix of historic facts, novel-popularised heroism and '
              "the directors' lively re-imagining. It should appeal to the "
              'mass audience in general.While not particularly brilliant in '
              'any way, this movie scores above average in all the subjects on '
              'the report card. The action sequences are good and should '
              'satisfy those looking for them. The character depictions may '
              'upset hard-core fans of the novel but are generally sensible '
              'and at times even inspired. The dialogue is clever if not truly '
              'intelligent. JIANG Wen, one of the best actors in China today, '
              'adds depth to Cao Cao, whose name is almost synonymous with '
              '"vastly ambitious villain" in the Chinese language. He is a joy '
              'to watch. Donny Yen who never disappoints in the action '
              'department has recently demonstrated that he can also act. In '
              'this movie, we see him face a new challenge of carrying, as '
              "said, the number one icon in China's historical figures. He has "
              'done a decent job but what he portrays is not quite what a lot '
              'of people visualize GUAN Yun-chang to be, from the first time '
              'they hear about this hero, most assuredly when they were small '
              'kids, from their parents. But then a coin has two sides. This '
              'depiction makes the movie more interesting than following the '
              "novel's simple template.",
 'tt1650831': 'In Paris, the Chinese university student Hua (Corinne Yam) is '
              'dumped by her lover. Hua wanders on the streets and the French '
              'worker Mathieu (Tahar Rahim) accidentally hits her face with '
              'the pipes that he is carrying on his shoulder. Mathieu '
              'apologizes to Hua and invites her to have dinner with him. When '
              'they leave the restaurant, Mathieu rapes her and then he '
              'accompanies Hua home. Hua is a promiscuous and submissive woman '
              'and she has one night stand with Mathieu. The unlike couple '
              'falls begin a relationship based on a strong sexual desire. The '
              "insecure Mathieu decides to test Hua's fidelity and his friend "
              'Giovanni (Jalil Lespert) also rapes her. Their troubled '
              "relationship ends when Hua finds secrets about Mathieu's life "
              'and decides to return to China. "Love and Bruises" is the first '
              'movie of Ye Lou that I watch and I found it only reasonable and '
              'pointless. The title is incorrect since the plot shows sexual '
              'desire but never love. The plot shows differences of culture '
              'between a Chinese woman and a French man; difference of '
              'intellect between a university student and a worker; difference '
              'of behavior between a submissive woman and a brutal man. Hua is '
              'masochist and Mathieu is sadistic and their relationship lasts '
              'for a period basically supported by their sexual preferences. '
              'Corinne Yam stays a great part of the running time naked or '
              'having sex. My vote is six.Title (Brazil) : "Amor e Dor" ("Love '
              'and Pain")',
 'tt1664629': 'A strange choice of topics for a Chinese film maker at a time '
              'when concerns about mental health and attacks on school '
              'children are roiling the country. With a focus on several '
              'topics, including depression, materialism, divorce, romantic '
              'obsession, the film loses its way and ultimately falls apart. '
              'The story meanders through the lives of several people, a '
              'free-thinking college professor who is institutionalized merely '
              'for the suggestion that most people are a little crazy, a '
              'materialistic model whose dreams of marrying into money '
              'disintegrates into depression, and a tonic salesman involved in '
              'both a romantic rivalry and failed marriage. At times very '
              'low-brow satire, at other times striving for thoughtful '
              'introspection, there is, unfortunately, little overall '
              'continuity in the progression of the story. Most unfortunate is '
              "the film's take on mental health professionals, who are largely "
              'portrayed as incompetent, self-serving buffoons. This is hardly '
              'the view one would hope to find on display in a country with a '
              'serious need for a more expansive healthcare role for mental '
              'health.',
 'tt1664704': 'A hallowed cinematographer behind many of the most iconic '
              "Chinese contemporary films, Yimou Zhang's RED SORGHUM (1987), "
              "JU DOU (1990), Kaige Chen's FAREWELL MY CONCUBINE (1993), Wen "
              "Jiang's IN THE HEAT OF THE SUN (1994) and DEVILS ON THE "
              "DOORSTEP (2000), just to name a few, Gu's third directorial "
              'endeavour, LOVE FOR LIFE, which aligns with his two previous '
              'films, PEACOCK (2005) and AND THE SPRING COMES (2007), together '
              'they loosely construct a "rural" trilogy examining the personal '
              'hardship and societal pressure of the ordinary lives after the '
              'Culture Revolution.LOVE FOR LIFE is inspired by the real-life '
              'happenings about AIDS villages in the hinterland, where '
              'misconducts of blood transfusion can cause an entire village '
              'HIV-infected, since selling blood is a common means for those '
              'strapped for cash in these outlying and indigent areas. In its '
              'pre-title opening, a village schoolboy is succumbed to a '
              'poisoned apple and becomes the sporadic voice- over from six '
              'feet under, often sounds the death knell for one particular '
              'victim, which glazes the ominous story with a surrealistic '
              'touch.The boy himself is a fall guy for his father Qiquan (Pu), '
              'who has brought the deadly "heat disease" epidemic upon the '
              'village people through his blood-selling business. Qiquan is '
              "remorseless for his wrongdoings and infuriated by his son's "
              'murder, he refuses to apologise, out of guilt and conscience, '
              "Pu's father (Tao) volunteers to take in all the infected to the "
              'abandoned school where he administers, including his younger '
              'son Deyi (Kwok). A group-living life seems apt for them '
              '(deserted by the society and their families), among the worst '
              'things can happen are petty larceny and siphoning off the '
              'doled-out rice from the government, of course, until, the '
              'looming "elephant in the room" overtakes gallows humour.Deyi is '
              'attracted by Qinqin (Zhang), a comely young wife of his '
              'relative, who caught the disease just because she is pining for '
              'a shampoo which is popular among townsfolk. The film '
              'schematically veers from the wretched victim bunch to a torrid '
              '"Love in the times of AIDS" affair between these two, who '
              'eventually resolve to divorce from their respective spouses '
              '(both treat them like plague), and remarry, it is a race '
              'against their numbered days, but Gu invites viewers to revel in '
              'their carpe diem rollickings with an us-against-the-whole-world '
              'vengeance, which ends in the hot vs. cold, conscious vs. '
              'unconscious climax, where love overcomes morality.It is a great '
              'comfort that Gu is gallant enough to tackle with a topical and '
              'thorny issue under a contemporary background (1990s to be '
              'exact). Deep-rooted sexism, inherent weakness, outrageous '
              'superstition (a wedding ceremony for dead children), immoral '
              'avarice, along with the prejudice against HIV, all pointedly '
              "reflected from Gu's prism of storyboards. Being a "
              "cinematographer-turned-director, Gu's habitual astuteness of "
              'the awe-inspiring rural landscape can be anything but '
              "disappointing, and maverick musician Zuoxiaozuzhou's attendant "
              'score is distinctly pathos-arousing.Celebrated Hong Kong '
              'singer-cum-actor Aaron Kwok, throws down the gauntlet to play a '
              'rustic simpleton, bravely sports a local accent (albeit that '
              'Chinese audience are all aware that in real life, his Mandarin '
              'is far from perfect, people speak Cantonese in HK by the way), '
              'sacrifices his good- looks and discards his metropolitan '
              'glamour, admirably evokes both levity and poignancy with '
              'accurate propriety. Ziyi Zhang, in a more restrained fashion, '
              'attenuates her impetuous pride while accentuates her '
              "recalcitrant dignity, one of her career's best so far. Cunxin "
              'Pu, who has the same age as his on screen father Zeru Tao (both '
              'born in 1953), dazzles with spontaneous vulgarity and an '
              'appearance overhaul in his fitful presence, which is a far cry '
              'from his trademark positive screen image Chinese audience feels '
              "more familiar with. Wenli Jiang, Gu's wife and long-time muse, "
              'a naturalistic scene-stealer, enforces the most rip-roaring '
              'moment with her pig-riding gimmick.LOVE FOR LIFE, the story '
              'itself has a rich vein of potentiality to mine, instead of '
              'skewering the most obvious one, the cause behind these man-made '
              "tragedies, Gu's film opts for a safer and artistically "
              'compromised ground to compose an ode to love, both physically '
              'and spiritually, it is done with significant potency, but a '
              'feeling of being short-changed cannot be expelled, regardless '
              'of how many times an impassioned Qinqin reads the words on '
              'their hard-earned marriage certificate in the ending.',
 'tt1666661': 'A domestic drama surrounding the relationships of modern-day '
              'Chinese urbanites, with the various participants intersecting '
              'at a vehicle collision. Akin to the works of Iñárritu and '
              "Arriagga, e.g. 'Amores Perros', the film portrays a series of "
              'relationships via non-sequential narratives that draw together '
              'to a climax.Filmmaker Zhang Yang, known for his realistic and '
              "popular dramedies 'Shower' and 'Getting Home', steps away from "
              'narrow-focus narratives to explore a series of modern-day '
              'relationships and plots, at the expense of humor and in-depth '
              'characterization. These relationships/plots include a young '
              "street-racer's happenstance meeting with a deaf-mute "
              "photographer, a wealthy ex's attempt to woo (buy?) back his "
              "ex's heart, a business relationship that prompts the kindling "
              "of romance, and a husband's attempt to raise medical treatment "
              'funds for his ailing wife. In effect, the film seeks to portray '
              'the foibles (materialism, infidelity, divorce, one-night '
              'stands, etc) of modern-day Chinese urban life, with some '
              'portrayals more cliché, and perhaps cynical, than others. As is '
              'the case with all non-sequential narratives, especially those '
              'with a large collection of characters (with the potential for '
              'diluted/glossed over characterizations), the filmmakers '
              "endanger losing audience interest and/or empathy, but that's up "
              'to the audience to decide. All in all an enjoyable domestic '
              'drama.',
 'tt1667150': 'Andy Lau and Gong Li are two of the most attractive and '
              "charismatic superstars of their age and it's a perfect dream "
              'match in this romance comedy. However the film itself fails '
              'terribly and is considered mediocre at best, putting such great '
              'cast potential to a pitiful waste. The best reward is a visual '
              'treat of two fabulous personalities trying to work chemistry on '
              'the big screen.After walking out of the theatre from this film, '
              'a raging question enveloped me."How did two of the greatest '
              'Asian superstars agree to such a lacklustre film?"Most of us '
              'will have to admit that it is such a pleasure to have them on '
              'the same big screen as it surely satisfies audience members of '
              'both genders and thus holding great opportunities to appeal '
              'towards a massive audience size. Whenever I see Andy Lau '
              'working his charms on a well-composed Gong Li, it makes me '
              'wonder why youthful couples are always featured where you only '
              'get sweet puppy love and none of the enriched personalities '
              'sported by these two timeless veterans.Nevertheless, there is '
              'only that much these superstars can aid a bad film.What Women '
              "Want follows Benny Chan's successful remake of Hollywood's "
              '"Cellular" in another Asian attempt at similar, this time of a '
              'romance comedy genre. However it is interesting to see the '
              'project being entrusted into someone who is inexperienced with '
              'bid budget productions, which proves to be fatal indeed.Poorly '
              'scripted and handled, it is said that it retains a high level '
              'of adherence to the original. Possibly a source of creativity '
              'and flair deadlock as the filmmakers are merely trying to '
              'shadow an original without any new blood to improve or '
              'innovate.Almost every scene is briefly tackled on screen and '
              'soon after fleets towards the next, causing the film to feel '
              'like a superficial work of neither style nor substance. The '
              'audience will find themselves trying hard to attach themselves '
              'to the cast as much as they love to (Lau and Li are simply hard '
              "to ignore).As a romance comedy, there isn't any quality comedy "
              'in it unfortunately to compensate for the lack of good romance '
              'chemistry between both leads. Aside from the occasional whacky '
              'stint by Andy Lau who dresses up in feminine fashion in the '
              'first half of the film, dialogues were pretty much one-two '
              'liners that were shallow and uninspiring.The best parts of the '
              'film can be easily gathered as follow:1. Eye candy in the form '
              'of gorgeous Gong Li and charming Andy Lau. 2. Andy Lau sings.If '
              'these two aspects do not appeal to you in any manner, feel free '
              'to skip this film that tries hard to know what women want and '
              'has seriously neglected what the audience wants.This is clearly '
              "not a good Valentine's Day film to indulge in with your partner "
              "(It's an annual event and thus don't risk spoiling it for your "
              'other).',
 'tt1686784': 'Tsui Hark goes back to the well to draw fresh inspiration, '
              "returning once more to King Hu's classic Dragon Gate Inn - "
              'which he already remade rather wonderfully in 1992. The story '
              'is given a fresh set of details to flesh it out, but the basic '
              'skeleton remains the same - evil eunuchs, patriotic rebels and '
              'independent forces of uncertain allegiance all converge on the '
              'eponymous inn, where identities are masked and secrets '
              'concealed until a game of wits allows the various parties to '
              'ascertain where they all stand - and exactly whose ass they '
              'need to kick.This is not the first time that Tsui Hark has '
              'convinced himself that what one of his classic films really '
              'needed was an update with loads of CGI - witness Legend of Zu '
              'in 2001, an exercise which failed to convince anybody else of '
              'that viewpoint. This time he has an extra decade of Chinese '
              "experience in CGI to draw on though, and what's more... now he "
              "can do it in 3D! Well, I will have to take the internet's word "
              "for that, 'cause I watched in boring old 2D (albeit HD). Can he "
              "convince us this time that computer graphics are the tool he's "
              'been waiting for all along to truly unleash his imagination? '
              "No, he can't. Aside from a few impressive moments, the CGI "
              'still looks rather fake, and fails to impress or engage as well '
              'as the low-budget special effects (wires, clever camera work) '
              'that made the 1992 film such an impressive spectacle. '
              'Furthermore, he seems to have failed to note the main factor '
              "that caused Legend of Zu to rank so much lower in fans' hearts "
              'than its 1983 predecessor... all the special effects in the '
              "world won't engage an audience if they don't get involved in "
              'the story. Well-defined, likable (or hateable, where '
              'appropriate) characters whose fates we actually care about will '
              'encourage us to forgive any weaknesses in the special effects, '
              'but the converse is rarely true. Flying Swords of Dragon Gate '
              'fails to deliver on characters, and fails to develop the plot. '
              'The film begins by introducing the political intrigues of the '
              'court and the rival factions of the Eunuchs, then fails to '
              'provide any particular relevance to this detail. Jet Li plays a '
              "rebel who we assume to be patriotic, but doesn't actually offer "
              'any explanation whatsoever as to as his motivations, his '
              'particular plights, or much of a character at all (though he '
              'gets more than most). Various groups are introduced, and '
              'brought together at the inn, then the film sort of flounders '
              'for a little bit before everybody just sort of decides its time '
              'to start fighting. The sense of intrigue, the subtle details, '
              'the game of wits as these master fighters out-smart and '
              "out-guess each other... the actual meat of King Hu's original "
              "film, in other words... pretty much replaced by 'hey, one of "
              'the good guys happens to look exactly like the chief bad '
              "guy!'.Oh well, Jet Li's on hand, so at least there must be some "
              'spectacular action, right? Oh yeah, I forgot... he got old. '
              'There are some nicely choreographed action scenes in places, '
              'but with too much reliance on CGI of mixed effectiveness.Maybe '
              "I'm viewing the older films with a touch of rose-tinting, or "
              "maybe I'm just getting old and tHe KidZ will see the many "
              "virtues of the latest attempt to improve a classic that I'm "
              'missing. It probably did look quite spectacular in 3D-capable '
              'cinemas... but I am yet to be convinced that that can ever take '
              'the place of a well written script, or a director who still '
              'remembers that he has human actors on set somewhere, and that '
              'getting a great performance out of them is probably the most '
              'important of his job.',
 'tt1698654': 'To say that the film Catching the Sun is jarring would be an '
              'understatement. Throughout this gripping documentary on solar '
              'technology, the global energy crisis is greatly put on display. '
              'Right off the get-go, the documentary grabs the audience by '
              'showing an oil refinery fire within the town of Richmond, '
              'California. The town, whose economy has depended upon this '
              "Chevron plant, is crippled by the corporation's lack of care "
              "and hard lobbying of the city's government. But that isn't the "
              "documentary's story. Instead, the documentary has a focus on "
              "change. Despite much of the world's reliance on fossil fuels "
              '(the United States especially), people and companies that push '
              'the integration of solar technology are beginning to take hold '
              'across the board. Alongside this change, the documentary shows '
              'a great struggle against an overwhelming establishment that '
              'constantly pushes back.\n'
              'On the surface the push towards solar energy seems to only '
              'affect the issue of energy, yet the documentary teaches the '
              'narrative that solar technology affects many different problems '
              'across the board. Environmental, economic, and employment '
              'issues are all huge factors that are affected differently by '
              'this technology. Solar technology removes the factor of '
              'pollution and helps protect the environment. The technology is '
              'also a new industry with a budding marketplace and an untapped '
              'well of monetary value for the economy. As the industry and '
              'marketplace for the technology grows, unemployment will be '
              'impacted as millions of new jobs flood the marketplace. It is '
              'no wonder that as the technology develops, big fossil fuel '
              'corporations are pushing back against its use.\n'
              'The documentary is especially gifted at using these push backs '
              'in support of its cause. Throughout the documentary we are '
              'shown the perspectives of a number of different people and '
              'their involvement with the technology. These characters are '
              'dealt success and road blocks throughout the journey that the '
              'viewer takes, and the viewer feels for them as they struggle to '
              'work against massive corporations like Koch and Chevron that '
              'use grimey tactics to get their way. One character, Van Jones, '
              "made it his life's goal to help people get this technology so "
              'that it could change the world. Yet as he climbed closer to his '
              'goal, he finds more resistance in the form of the Koch '
              'corporation and the media who spread lies and make false claims '
              'against him until he resigns from everything he had strived '
              'for.\n'
              'The total of the documentary shows this balance of success and '
              'struggle as the characters try and change the world with their '
              'efforts. It is emotional to see what they deal with, and how '
              'they try so hard to make a change for the better. They try to '
              'help people, only to have it thrown back at them. Yet despite '
              'this, the documentary leaves optimism to the viewer as it ends '
              'with the topic of future legislation, technology, and climate '
              'accords that will hopefully help to aid the situations that '
              'have been showcased by this excellent documentary.',
 'tt1699513': 'THE GREAT REVIVAL is a lively retelling of early 20th century '
              'China, a tumultuous period where the old ways and the new ways '
              'collided and many factions seemed to continually war with each '
              "other in a bid for power. It's a complex and sometimes "
              "epic-feeling production, so I'm surprised to see it rated so "
              "low here on the IMDb.I suspect the reason is that it's a "
              'blatant piece of propaganda, with Mao Zedong portrayed as a '
              'crusading hero; the story stops before the later troubles that '
              "surrounded his career. Now, I'm not bothered by watching "
              "propaganda films; I've seen plenty of North Korean efforts and, "
              "let's be honest, America makes their own share of flag-waving "
              "guff. Propaganda alone isn't a reason to rate a film down.THE "
              "GREAT REVIVAL isn't a perfect film and anybody trying to keep "
              'track of all the main characters will soon be scratching their '
              "heads in puzzlement. Still, it's an expansive and "
              "expensive-looking production, and it's never boring even if "
              'some of the material seems extraneous or glossed over too '
              'quickly. The stuff with the students riots is particularly '
              'watchable, and spotting all of the familiar faces from Chow '
              'Yun-Fat to Daniel Wu, Fan Bingbing, Andy Lau, Simon Yam, and '
              'even John Woo, is a delight in itself.',
 'tt1700492': "The Haunting Lover, it's English title, (in Chinese it roughly "
              'translates as "Waiting for your return", which seems more '
              'fitting), is neither much in the way of horror story or '
              'romance. Apparently conceived as a vehicle for a popular Taiwan '
              'pop-star,Vanness Wu, it is probably one of the worst attempts '
              'at a ghost story in recent memory. Kwong is looking for work so '
              'he can marry Chen, his sweetheart, when he runs into people who '
              "think he's a lost family member. He soon realizes the ghost of "
              'a former lover, Yong --from his previous life--is after him. '
              "Kwong is such a spastic nerd it's hard to like him, and Yong is "
              "such a beauty one wonders why she, even though she's a dead "
              'woman, would have any interest in him. The story includes an '
              'assortment of ghoulish ghosts that pop out of nowhere, but they '
              "don't fit the silly romance-reincarnated story and one wonders "
              "what the hell they're doing in the film. The review I've "
              'offered here is already much more than this film deserves. If '
              'you want romance or horror, watch something else!',
 'tt1701993': '...one of the characters asks in this film, when he wakes to '
              'find his friends stand around staring at him in his bedroom, '
              'and the answer may be the same as why we watch the film- '
              "there's nothing else to do. Eventually we laugh, because the "
              'only alternative is to weep. Set on the last days of the '
              "school's winter holidays, centring on a bunch of adolescents "
              "and moving out to their families, this film is like Hongqi's "
              'other films, only more so, and in colour. This time the camera '
              'stares blankly as ever and never moves at all and most of the '
              'cast are just as motionless and indifferent. "How to be a '
              'useful member of society" the English teacher scrawls on a '
              "blackboard at the end of the film (the biology teacher- who's "
              'forgotten to take his medication- has just been telling the '
              "children that everything they're told at school is lies and "
              'delusions, but he was in the wrong classroom) and the children '
              'stare and fidget blankly while a punk song with all the energy '
              'none of the characters shows plays loud enough to hurt the ears '
              'and eventually the film ends in a blank screen. Just about the '
              'only character to show any curiosity- the four or five your old '
              'Zhou Zhangxin, "the most pitiful child I know", his playmate '
              'says- is persistently told to "Be quiet or your uncle will kick '
              'your butt", not that there\'s any sign his uncle- who is the '
              'teenager who asked "Why are you looking at me?"- would bother '
              "to do any such thing. We aren't surprised that Zhou Zhangxin "
              'wants to be an orphan when he grows up and eventually runs away '
              "because he can't wait. Where all the other characters slouch "
              'indifferently- even when they are bullying or being bullied, '
              'Zhou Zhangxin is striding determinedly into his future when '
              'last we see him. How far he will get is another question.',
 'tt1704161': "I'm not too sure why I decided to watch this film, but I am so "
              'happy that I did! This film is so emotional and meaningful; '
              "it's just so beautiful! It's not a big blockbuster smash "
              "hitting film, so if that's what you are looking for then you "
              'will be disappointed! However, if you want to see a really '
              'stunning film with such an amazing storyline, then I recommend '
              'you watch 33 postcards.Guy Pearce plays an excellent role in '
              'this film and carries his character through perfect.The meaning '
              'behind this film is what I liked so much about it. It just '
              'makes me think about life and how amazing it is. For a film to '
              'get so much of an emotional response out of me is great. This '
              'film needs to be watched and given the credit it deserves.I '
              'give 10/10 on the vote for 33 postcards, mainly because of the '
              'beauty. The work and emotion that has gone into this film as '
              'well as the emotion that has came out makes it such a worthy '
              'film of ten stars.Wow, please give this film a chance, you '
              "won't regret it. I promise.",
 'tt1708427': 'This movie is Chinese. I viewed it with subtitles. Unless you '
              'speak the language you will need a good jumpstart if you decide '
              'to see it (not to worry, I never spoil). So here it is: Guy '
              "betrays his girlfriend's trust by writing about some notorious "
              'village mansion that they discovered earlier on in their '
              'relationship when they were still a couple (he had promised it '
              "would be their secret). As he's leaving a school building one "
              'day, he is recognized and confronted by some students wanting '
              "to know if the legend of the village mansion is true, and it's "
              'location. He tells them he made up the story; that the village '
              "and mansion doesn't exist. They don't believe him and decide to "
              'investigate on their own. Ghost is not happy and starts '
              'e-mailing the guy and calling him on his cell.Years ago in some '
              'village mansion, according to the story or the legend, a young '
              'woman named Rouge, out of love and devotion, stayed with her '
              'husband 7 days and 6 nights after he took ill and died. '
              'Subsequently the husband comes back to life. Rouge was so happy '
              'she told the villagers. The villagers said he must be a ghost '
              'and burned him to death. Heartbroken, Rouge then burned herself '
              'to death. The mansion has been haunted ever since. There you '
              'have it. A nice framework for a non-Chinese speaking audience. '
              'I would describe this movie as a ghost-mystery-love story. One '
              'that is unfortunately not scary at all and is best viewed just '
              'as a mystery-love story. So if you want to be scared or '
              "horrified you're probably better off going through your "
              'financial papers and looking at some bill you owe. Love, '
              'Boloxxxi.',
 'tt1715758': "There's always an audience for any movie. And that's not a bad "
              'thing, because the fact, that we do have different tastes gives '
              'us the opportunity to talk about movies and try to convince '
              'another person, why we think a movie is either good or bad. In '
              'this case, I do think that the intentions were more than noble. '
              'Unfortunately I did not like the end result.Decide for yourself '
              "if you think it's a good thing, that you have to read the "
              'synopsis or any kind of info to the documentary on hand to '
              'understand what it tries to convey. Also decide for yourself if '
              'you are willing to watch people doing crazy things (what is '
              'being done to a TV set is fun at first, but gets dreadful after '
              'a while ... which is a bad thing, since it seems to go on '
              'forever).Suffice to say the pace and the rhythm are more than '
              'slow. Again you might like this, despite or because of what you '
              'read from me. Still leaving a tripod just standing there and '
              'not noticing it, therefor not shooting the scene again, is '
              "plain lazy and a mistake that shouldn't have happened!",
 'tt1717715': "Okay, it's not exactly 'Lord of the Rings' but it's not as bad "
              'as the reviewers here say it is. People complaining about lack '
              'of depth and change in characters, most of them are deities so '
              'what do you expect. I thought the visuals, costumes, make-up '
              "etc were also excellent. It may appear as a kid's movie for "
              'some but thats a good thing, it can be enjoyed by all ages. I '
              "couldn't believe the guy that played Monkey King is the same "
              "guy who played IP MAN, wasn't an easy job but he pulled it off "
              "and other actors were also great. I'm actually looking forward "
              'to the sequel if it is in the making I would recommend it to '
              "anyone, don't believe the reviews they're just talking rubbish.",
 'tt1723118': "This is definitely one of my favorite Chinese films - and I've "
              "seen many. It's a simple story, beautifully told, about complex "
              'characters. Each of the quirky characters is beautifully drawn, '
              'and their goals and relationships skillfully interwoven.Never '
              'is the storytelling compromised for a cheap laugh. The '
              "cinematic language seems to draw it's influences from the stage "
              'and silent films and bold cinematic risks are taken that all '
              'work.I appreciated the intimate insight into the workings of '
              'relationships (guanxi) between men. They trade cigarettes, '
              "favors and gifts constantly - in exactly the way I've read "
              'happens in industrial towns. But the film explains this '
              'fascinating flow of goods and services inside private '
              'relationships with unselfconscious authenticity. For me the '
              'biggest highlight - and what really elevated this film to the '
              "realm of 'all time best' - was the use of Russian elements in "
              "the score and narrative. China's relationship with Russia is so "
              'complex and interesting and standing shoulder to shoulder like '
              'old comrades, they were nothing short of perfect. For anyone '
              'with a genuine interest in China I highly recommend this film. '
              'Tara',
 'tt1726738': '"SACRIFICE" is Chen Kaige\'s third adaptation of China\'s stage '
              'plays. Set in the Warring States period, the opening sequences '
              'show an excited Dr Cheng Ying (played by the cool and talented '
              'Ge You) welcoming the birth of his son. As the court physician, '
              'Cheng Ying is also thrilled about delivering the child of '
              'General Zhao, whose wife Zhuangji (Fan Bing Bing) gives birth '
              'at a tragic time when the mutinous General Tuan Gu (Wang Xueqi) '
              'stages an elaborate assassination of his lord and pins the '
              'blame on General Zhao. This gives Tuan Gu the perfect excuse to '
              'wipe out the entire Zhao clan.However, the newborn Zhou prince '
              '- and heir to the throne - is placed in the care of Cheng Ying '
              '(Ge You), forcing Tuan Gu to order all babies in the city be '
              "rounded up as hostages. In a cruel twist of fate, Cheng's own "
              'baby is killed, and poor doctor is left to raise the Zhao boy, '
              "nicknamed Bo'er, as his own. As a form of revenge, Cheng "
              "schemes to have Bo'er become the godson of Tuan Gu so that the "
              'boy may one day learn the truth and claim the throne.The first '
              'half hour of the movie is totally riveting. The tale of Tuan '
              "Gu's betrayal is lavishly portrayed in detailed settings and "
              'sets. The assassination conspiracy is mind-bogglingly '
              'complicated, involving a killer dog, a poisonous insect and a '
              'case of harmless wine. These court intrigue scenes alternate '
              "with those involving Cheng and the birth of Zhuangji's baby, "
              "raising the movie's tempo and our pulses, culminating in "
              "Cheng's shocking 'sacrifice'.Indeed, after this sort of "
              'build-up, what follows has to be somewhat of a lull. Still, '
              'director Chen Kaige tries to work up our anticipation with the '
              "'revenge' plot involving Cheng, a rather mellowed Tuan Gu and "
              "the Zhao boy, Bo'er. The pace slackens a great deal here and it "
              "is Ge You's performance that keeps our minds from wandering "
              'off.Chen keeps the revenge plot morally ambiguous (and not very '
              "convincing) but the sacrifice of one's son cuts deeply into "
              "China's audiences who have experienced the Government's "
              'one-child policy. The play "Orphan of Zhao" from which this '
              'movie is adapted, was a feudal propaganda that exalts loyalty '
              "to the aristocracy. Chen's adaptation offers an interesting "
              'study on how fatherly love can be used as a tool for vengeance, '
              'to cultivate pain and regret. "Sacrifice" is not Chen Kaige\'s '
              'masterpiece, but it is worth watching. '
              '(limchangmoh.blogspot.com)',
 'tt1727396': 'White deer plain is originally a novel written by the renowned '
              'Chinese writer Chen Zhongshi. The cinematographic version '
              'adapted from the book, in fact, is an excerpt due to some '
              'sensitive contents that may face censorship for its publication '
              'in Chinese mainland. The film tells the story of families '
              'living on the plain in Shaanxi Province, also home to author of '
              'the book. Half a century has seen them through the vicissitudes '
              'of the newly-born China. The ups and downs of the family is '
              'also a miniature of the whole nation; the destiny of every '
              'personage represents the suffering of ordinary people in a '
              'tumultuous era.',
 'tt1730720': 'I think there was other things in the movie beside the fights. '
              "Scenes don't flow or follow each other much. Just a bunch of "
              'sequences following the next. They fight, gets injured, and '
              'miraculously healed in the next scene, and then fight some '
              'more, and repeat. The last couple of scenes were straight up '
              'stupid and makes no sense. The brothers fight in a house,in the '
              'middle of their fight, the story jumps to a different scene, '
              'and then all of a sudden the main guy is fighting a bunch of '
              'ninja in the middle of nowhere... then the younger brother, '
              'ninja custom, jumps out, fight and stabs him. Then the younger '
              'brother is told of his identity and is captured and is to be '
              'executed. Then some monks finds the older brother. Then the '
              'older brother, again, healed to full strength, and is now also '
              'monk, .... comes to rescue his younger brother... all of this '
              'happens in like 5-10 minutes time... and then the whole thing '
              'ends while they are still fighting... what.. the f.....',
 'tt1737237': 'At first glance, this seems a lot like "Planes, Trains and '
              'Automobiles", the great John Candy classic, but with Chinese '
              'characteristics. Instead of traveling home for Christmas, in '
              'this version, the two unlikely travel companions meet and have '
              'to share unfortunate circumstances on their trip during Chinese '
              'New Year. In the beginning, the naive country-bumpkin character '
              'tries to bring what looks like 3-4 gallons of milk onto the '
              "plane only to be thwarted by China's version of the TSA. He "
              'protests by drinking the entire jug in front of an impatient '
              'line of fellow passengers.From there, the film gives a great '
              'glimpse of contemporary Chinese society including overcrowding, '
              'scams, knockoff products, the yawning gap between the affluent '
              'and the less well-to-do but also shows the warmth and sincerity '
              'as well. All done in a well paced, light-hearted enjoyable '
              'flick.',
 'tt1744790': 'I visited MoMA recently and worked my way down from the top '
              'floor to try and avoid some of the crowds (although I think '
              'everyone has this idea so maybe better to not do that?). By the '
              'time I reached the second floor where this installation was, I '
              'probably needed to leave because the same day I was going to '
              "see the Knicks play the Nets and I probably didn't have the "
              'time to watch a 55 minute film – although in hindsight it was a '
              'terrible game, even by the standards of a Knicks fan who is '
              'used to them not being any good. Anyway, I digress, but I '
              'mention this because even with the time being short, I watched '
              'this film from start to end and there was no way I was leaving '
              'before I had.To call it a film is to do it a disservice because '
              'this is an installation and to see it any other way would make '
              'it lose some of its impact. The film is shown across 9 '
              'different double sided screens which are arranged above one '
              'large area in MoMA. Not all 9 are in use at any one time and '
              'often different images around the same scene are displayed on '
              'each one. No matter where you stand or sit, it is pretty much '
              'impossible to see all of them at the same time so you end up '
              'seeing things in a slightly different order and perspective '
              'from others in the same space. The sound from the film is '
              'played from speakers under each screen and this fills the space '
              'to draw you in to the installation. Technically it terms of '
              'design and editing it is incredibly impressive and I cannot '
              'imagine the work to put it together.The content of the film is '
              'not a straight narrative or even close; indeed several times '
              'the film moves beyond the film and shows us the film being '
              'made, so it is a strange experience. In essence the film is '
              'inspired by the death of the Chinese cockle pickers in the UK '
              'in 2004 and it uses this as its starting point, with the '
              'emergency call being played along with later poetry which links '
              'to the death of Chinese migrants in different situations. We '
              'have shots of a female deity (played by Maggie Cheung) who '
              'protects people from the sea in the region that many of the '
              'cockle pickers came from. We also have scenes from modern China '
              'as well as calligraphy done on glass screens. Oddly we also do '
              'have as much time spent outside the film, so like I said we get '
              'to see Cheung being shot on green-screen while someone controls '
              'the wire work; we also spend as long watching 4 guys clean the '
              'painted symbols off the glass as we watched the guy create '
              'them! It is a very odd mix of things but it works incredibly '
              'well as a whole.The spoken words are often hard to hear – not '
              'sure if this is a downside of the large space or intentional; '
              'but the poetry is sparsely used and effective while the '
              'emergency call is chilling when combined with the images from a '
              'search and rescue helicopter and the gradual introduction of '
              'Cheung, her own sad eyes searching for those in need to '
              'protection but, presumably, unable to do so for those who have '
              'migrated so far from their home. While the images and structure '
              "doesn't always make sense in a traditional application of "
              'narrative, it is beautifully shot with different angles and '
              'detail from same scenes all looking beautiful – even the rich '
              'color of the green-screen section is beautiful. Any one shot is '
              'good but to have them all together in such an installation '
              "makes them work even better.I can't imagine it working as well "
              'on one screen showing all the images in one view, but as an '
              'installation it was really great, providing a whole experience '
              'which was immersive, moving, beautiful, confusing and creative. '
              'I could easily have stayed in that space for another viewing '
              '(and had I known how poor the Knicks would be, I would have '
              'done). Well worth taking the hour to experience if you get the '
              'chance.',
 'tt1745713': 'Buddha Mountain is a gripping drama with a gritty description '
              'of the bleak lower-class city life, lifelike characters the '
              'audience cares about and convincing performances from the '
              'ensemble cast (Sylvia Chang, Fan Bingbing, Bolin Chen and Fei '
              'Long). The film talks about the bewilderment of youth, family '
              'breakdown, generational conflict, respect for teachers, '
              'bereavement, loneliness, the unpredictability of life, etc. The '
              'developing city and the mountainous terrain of post-earthquake '
              'sizzling Sichuan are rawly shot, which provides a perfect '
              'backdrop for this coming-of-age story. The documentary-like '
              'style and the insertion of real footage also add to realism.',
 'tt1753976': 'The story is about the longing one character has for the other. '
              'He gets strung on and has trouble letting go.\n'
              "The plot, especially with the French part. It doesn't make any "
              "sense. How did the Chinese guy get a visa so quickly? Doesn't "
              'really add up.\n'
              "The rest of it isn't too bad.\n"
              'The part I dislike was the French part, especially the focus on '
              'their money and spending, which is sadly too common.\n'
              'The full story is good, but if you have trouble understanding '
              'it, it might get a little boring+odd.',
 'tt1754743': 'This film intends to communicate the subtlety and depth of '
              'human relationship. But it turned out laughably crass, shallow, '
              'and ... creepy. The worst element, visually and thematically, '
              'is the tacky and bloody kongfu scene that evokes disgust and '
              'horror, and bewilderment. The wild beauty of nature is '
              'completely spoiled by the bloodiness and tackiness of that '
              "surreal scene. The philosophical reference -- Zhuang Tsu's "
              'butterfly -- is irrelevant and makes the film pretentious and '
              'plain awkward. What one is left with after viewing the film are '
              "basically two things: disgust and disappointment. Don't waste "
              'your time on this one.',
 'tt1772230': 'Made to coincide with the centenary of the original event, 1911 '
              "REVOLUTION is a film that celebrates China's rise from the "
              "tyranny of the Qing dynasty into the modern era. It's an "
              'unashamedly patriotic movie, with clear-cut heroes and '
              'villains, and one that seeks to portray a politically complex '
              'situation in a massive country, on an international scale, in '
              'the space of two hours. The resultant film is an educational '
              'ride and historically interesting, but one that falls down when '
              'it comes to the basic facets of movie-making.The film tries to '
              'be both a gutsy war film dominated by explosive battle '
              'sequences and a compelling political epic, featuring scenes '
              'from both sides involved in the revolution. Unfortunately, the '
              'editing is quite choppy and the battle scenes, although '
              "technically proficient, end up disappointing as you're left "
              'wanting more. Characterisation is virtually nil; Jackie bags '
              'the best role as the rebellious leader and has a few great '
              'action scenes, but everybody else feels like a player in a '
              'historical drama, never really coming to full life as they '
              'should. There are lots of familiar Chinese actors in various '
              "parts, but none of them make much of an impact here.It's a "
              "shame, because there's a film with a similar focus, set five "
              'years previously, called BODYGUARDS & ASSASSINS, and I found it '
              'absolutely spellbinding. That movie manages to mix in the '
              'political intrigue and dramatic backdrop of the situation while '
              'at the same time telling a rollicking, action-packed storyline '
              'filled with melodrama and excitement. Yes, it was silly and '
              "over the top in places, but I'd rather that than this slightly "
              'stuffy and occasionally lifeless production that fails to '
              'engage the senses along with the intellect.',
 'tt1773370': 'Death and Glory in Changde was an entertaining film. The '
              'uniforms, weapons, and sets looked great. There were a few '
              'cheesy moments related to the romantic subplot but the story '
              'overall was solid. The action is rather well done and gets '
              'intense at times. The ending felt tacked-on but gets the job '
              'done. Chinese films are always fascinating to me when they '
              'tackle historical subjects. Even though the Nationalist Chinese '
              'are the good guys, we the viewers are meant to identify with '
              "the plucky young peasant (who's a crack shot) volunteering to "
              'defend China against the Japanese "devils." The Japanese don\'t '
              'come off too horribly clichéd, all things considered, but are '
              'definitely represented as the brutal adversary they were. For '
              'the connoisseur of foreign war flicks, this is a must-see.',
 'tt1777620': "I'll start with the positive: The animation, the colors, "
              'everything was beautiful. So if you wanted to just look at '
              'pretty things for a good hour and a half, you could project '
              'this film and mute it and enjoy.From the very beginning, we are '
              "lost in terms of what's going on, which is fine, as long as at "
              'some point you start understanding something. The film never '
              'develops a plot, a tangible story. The "legend" that all the '
              'characters in the ancient world speak of is never explained or '
              'revealed. How and why the two worlds collide is never '
              'explained. Things happen. We do not understand why, though we '
              'are constantly watching some characters saying "Oh, this is '
              'what the legend predicted." "This, for sure, will mean this, '
              'oh, but it could go either way, the legend is unclear." On and '
              'on, this legend is talked about but never revealed. If at the '
              'end of the film you try to understand what the legend could '
              'have been, you still have no clue... Characters are flat, as '
              'their lives, their conflicts are not explained either. At some '
              'point, the general does something, which is baffling, as we do '
              'not know why he would do this. This seems to be turning point '
              'in the story, though, again, it is not explained nor is it '
              'resolved, really, in the end.So great visuals, but very poor '
              'plot, if you can even call it that. At times I was wondered if '
              'something got lost in translation... Perhaps someone who '
              'understands the original language can shed some light.Note: '
              'Also not for little children, as there are some very scary and '
              'dark moments, especially towards the end, but kids might also '
              'find the bit about the dog at the beginning upsetting.',
 'tt1790669': 'Gao Xiaosong\'s "My Kingdom" is set in the \'glamorous\' world '
              'of Chinese opera, with the main part of it based in the '
              'tumultuous period of 1920s Shanghai. With Sammo Hung touted as '
              'action director, many would expect hot kungfu action - and many '
              'would be disappointed. There is a mixture of genres here, part '
              'costume drama, part soap opera, part kungfu flick and with a '
              'touch of romance. Those who like twists and turns in the plot '
              'would like the second half where the vengeance plot starts to '
              'unravel.The film opens at the end of the 19th Century, when the '
              'Prince Regent of the crumbling Qing Dynasty orders the '
              'beheading of the entire Meng clan. Awaiting execution, a '
              'five-year-old Meng boy named Er-kui sings an aria. Deeply '
              'moved, opera Master Yu Shengying (Yuan Biao) and his '
              'seven-year-old pupil Guan Yi-long rescue the boy and the two '
              'orphans become as close as brothers. Yu, who wins a coveted '
              'golden plaque from the Prince Regent, is challenged to a duel '
              'by a Shanghai rival, Yue Jiangtian (Yu Rongguang). He loses and '
              'is forced to retire.Master Yu trains the boys as warriors in '
              "the Peking opera and when they 'graduate' Yi-long (now played "
              'by Wu Chun) and Er-kui (Han Geng) move to Shanghai to reclaim '
              'the coveted plaque from Yue, who, together with his co-star Xi '
              'Mu-lan (Barbie Hsu), operate an opera show in the British '
              'concession of Shanghai.Many important scenes are left to our '
              "imagination. Er-Kui's rescue at the opening and his revenge "
              "sequences are done in super quick cuts. Actually the 'rescue' "
              'scene is non-existent while the revenge scenes are shown in a '
              'series of flying dagger shots followed by newspaper reports '
              'announcing the murders. The characters are so poorly defined '
              'and portrayed that they appear like caricatures. On the opera '
              'stage, the main cast of Wu Chun, Han Geng and Barbie Hsu may '
              'get away with unconvincing performances, but not when they are '
              'offstage.There is no chemistry among the trio and the '
              "'brotherhood' of Yi-long and Er-kui smacks of 'Brokeback "
              "Mountain' at times. Wu, Han and Taiwan magician Loius Liu Qian "
              'were obviously chosen for their looks. However, the biggest '
              'miscast is of Liu Qian as General Lu. His performance sticks '
              'out like a sore thumb as we would be wondering how he manages '
              "to be a police chief at such a young age.As for Sammo Hung's "
              'kungfu choreography, we get two: one at the start of the film '
              'between veterans Yuen Biao and Yu Rongguang, and a climactic '
              'duel between Er-Kui and Mu-lan in a wine cellar which is more '
              'dramatic for its wine spillage than the action. On the plus '
              'side, the locations and sets of Shanghai look lavish and '
              'fabulous. Ditto that for the opera costumes and music score. '
              '(limchangmoh.blogspot.com)',
 'tt1795051': 'Though technically well done and with believable actors, I had '
              'expected much more after reading the announcement for the '
              'Rotterdam filmfestival 2011. I can imagine that it is not easy '
              'to make an interesting film about not-so-interesting people, '
              'but this attempt fails and produces an even-so '
              'not-so-interesting result.It is all about different stories of '
              'different people, initially without any connection with each '
              'other. The story lines get intermixed after a while, but I '
              'found it a bit haphazard and artificial. I also got stuck with '
              'a few loose ends, like what happened with the "lost" prisoner '
              "at the end.Don't get me wrong after reading the above: I was "
              'not bored most of the time, with the exception that the '
              'respective stories took some time to really take off. It may '
              'let the viewer confused how it all ties together. For example, '
              'there is a time span of almost an hour between the ultra short '
              'prison scene in the beginning, and the 2nd half of the film '
              'where the prison turns into the main location.',
 'tt1810602': "If You Are The One didn't enjoy too long a run at the local "
              'cinemas here, although it did make it to one of my favourites '
              'of the year 2008. I had reservations whether Chinese director '
              'Feng Xiaogang could make an outright romantic film despite '
              'being known for more big budgeted spectacles such as Assembly '
              'and the recent Aftershocks, and he had proved me wrong then. '
              'However, this first attempt at making a follow up film of his '
              "own didn't fare too well, bringing to mind if one doesn't have "
              'a proper and strong story to work on, then a sequel will never '
              'make sense.What I found extremely charming in the first film, '
              'besides the point of pairing Ge You and Shu Qi opposite each '
              'other as unlikely lovers, in a sort of beauty and the beast, '
              'old cow versus tender grass situations, will be the tremendous '
              'amount of witticisms that Feng had put into his film, sharing '
              'delightful nuggets of jibes, sayings and idiosyncrasies of his '
              'observation of relationships and modern love. Yes there were '
              'some picturesque locations to sweeten the deal as well, but '
              'that was something secondary to the main plot, a backdrop '
              'serving as staple to all romantic films.In this effort however, '
              'we flit from the Great Wall of China right down to Le '
              "Meridien's Shimei Bay Beach Resort in Hainan Island (note to "
              'self to must check this out one day) and to chic Beijing, only '
              "for the locales to become what's the highlight of the film, and "
              'the story taking a firm backseat. Not only that, the narrative '
              'was in really a tale of two halves, the first being a firm '
              'continuation from where we left off and tried to preserve '
              'plenty of positives from the original, but the second was '
              'somewhat a letdown as it dealt with a different kind of '
              "relationship in that of friendship between Ge You's Qin Fen and "
              "Sun Honglei's Xiangshan, the latter who is found to be "
              'suffering from an incurable disease.There were plenty of scenes '
              "that didn't make much sense nor to further the plot, making the "
              'close to two hour film a really long plod to the finishing '
              'line. Starting with a Divorce Ceremony which was really '
              "unnecessary, there was a beauty pageant that you don't get to "
              'see many beauties, an after event rave party, a wine auction, '
              'and a farewell party which I think is the fad here even from '
              'Bollywood with its fairly recent Guzaarish. All these scenes '
              'serve little interest and purpose other than to announce to the '
              'world that China has arrived (check out that homage shot on the '
              "military's naval warship too), and to show off how ostentatious "
              'the filthy rich in China can truly be.The lack of chemistry '
              'between Ge You and Shu Qi somehow took a really wrong turn '
              'here, and the differences in their characters really stood out, '
              "so much so that the best scenes here don't involve the "
              'lovebirds at all, which is a pity since their togetherness, or '
              'attempts at being together served as a highlight. When the same '
              'got treated here, it somehow rang into the familiar territory '
              'that the Twilight films possess, with the protagonists stuck in '
              'an endless Yes-No ("ai-mai") state of mind, with Qin Fen being '
              "adamant in wanting to make his trial marriage to Shu Qi's Xiao "
              'Xiao work but then spending most of their time throwing a '
              "tantrum, and the latter realizing that it's not actually love "
              "she's experiencing. I do get the point Qin Fen is trying to "
              'make about eventually needing his wife to care for him since '
              "he's significantly older, but isn't this trial marriage plan "
              'nothing but a sham designed to stifle relationships, rather '
              "than to enhance it? We become caught up with a lot of what-if's "
              'instead of trying to live the now in life, and being lost in '
              "the many indecision that come to plague a relationship that's "
              'just trying too hard to make it work. And what this couple were '
              "trying to dabble in, is in some ways uncanny to Nicholas Tse's "
              'love philosophy (ok, something which I read online) which deals '
              'with four stages from Passion, Romance, Family Love then '
              'Friendship, the latter most which is what Qin Fen and Xiao Xiao '
              'are trying to see if it will work, since the first two are '
              'likely to exist in the early stages of any relationship, and '
              'Family Love, well, being out of topic in this film.This could '
              "be director Feng Xiaogang's unfortunate first dud and I hope "
              "there won't be another half-hearted attempt with his next, "
              'although the doors were blatantly thrown wide open for a '
              'possible follow up on this one. If that happens, then hopefully '
              "it'll bring back the magical charms of what made the first film "
              'tick, and banish this as a blip like those temporal hiccups '
              'found in almost all relationships.',
 'tt1810858': 'A detective (Duan Yihong) and his comrades (including Wu Jing) '
              'travel to a desert in pursuit of a contract killer, who is also '
              'being pursued by hit men (lead by Francis Ng) hired by his '
              'contractor. Over the top and unrealistic, this is a high octane '
              'modern western with expertly staged chases, shootouts, and '
              'fights. Environments are nice with lots of rocky hills, sand, '
              'and even snow. Pacing is about as blistering fast as humanly '
              'imaginable, with the entire film basically consisting of one '
              'gigantic action sequence. Characters are thin, but this is a '
              "rip-roaring shoot 'em up with tons of quality action to "
              "enjoy.I'm not really sure why this film has gotten ignored. "
              "Even LoveHKFilm never bothered to review it. It's from the same "
              'director who gave us the very cool spy flick "The Message" '
              '(2009), so it most definitely deserves some attention. I also '
              'have no idea how 70 mental patients escaped their clinics, '
              'logged onto IMDb, and then gave this film an average rating of '
              '3.7 out of 10. Anyone who gives "Wind Blast" less than a 5/10 '
              'loses all credibility in my eyes. This film does what action '
              'films are supposed to do, entertain from start to finish with '
              "kinetic chases and shootouts. In all honesty, there's no "
              'justification and no logical reason behind the 3.7 rating '
              "whatsoever, so don't let that deter you from watching this. "
              "It's a lot of fun.",
 'tt1811303': 'I was quite pleasantly surprised by this film. The storyline '
              'was not absolutely dazzling, but there were some novel touches. '
              'But the artistic and aesthetic quality of the filming - minus '
              'the opening scene which seemed a little amateur at first glance '
              '- was actually pretty high.The main male character is sweet and '
              'affable, reasonably harmless and soft-hearted. He meets a new '
              'guy who was having trouble with his boyfriend, and they quickly '
              'become quite close as a result. However, it turns out he is not '
              'all he had hoped for. I found it interesting to see a glimpse '
              'of homosexual lifestyles in China. In the secondary storyline, '
              'a lady meets a new handsome man, but she seems to have a '
              'partner already.As I stated earlier, there are some excellent '
              'shots of her apartment, her dancing. It reminded me of Amelie a '
              'bit, but not quite as artistic as Amelie. The sound recording '
              'was more amateur than the visual filming quality, too.',
 'tt1819769': 'For the first 20 minutes, there is some banter between, '
              'apparently, two sons and a father around the dinner table. Then '
              'the scene stops. The next morning, the son does some strange '
              'movements (naked butt showing) in front of a closed curtain, '
              'then opens it then the scene ends. Then the dad whines at the '
              'some for looking like he does. Then a messenger comes and there '
              'is a long scene setting up a Chinese Chess board and some bets '
              'made about the outcome then the scene ends. Now we have 2 '
              'unidentified guys wrestling the son on a bed until he gets a '
              'nose bleed. The dad organizes shoes and walks away. Do you feel '
              'the tension yet? If so, you must have a very boring life. And '
              'the scene ends. Nothing interesting happens at all. Suddenly '
              'the 3 guys are naked. More naked butts. All butts look alike. '
              'Boring. The tension is building. We are waiting for the '
              'appearance of a plot point. ANY PLOT POINT! ANY PLOT!!!!!! Dad '
              'finds the three naked boys and... walks away. The most '
              'interesting thing is how they three guys fell asleep in those '
              'positions. I expect that will be the high point of the movie. '
              '(It was) Outside now and long, loving closeups of chins and '
              'jackets. The raw tension is astounding!!! Ooooohhhhh, one guy '
              'climbed into bed with another guy and... the scene ended again. '
              'HEY, DIRECTOR!?!?!?! Did you have a script when you began '
              'shooting??? This is too bad even for MST3K! Now more chiding '
              'from the father then they play chess. Half way through now and '
              'NO PLOT! Son teaches father to play chess. Oh, the emotion, the '
              'drama. Chess! Can you believe it? The... Nothingness of it all. '
              'And now we get ping pong. And the cameraman must have been '
              'blind. Prefers shots of backgrounds or hoodies and jackets than '
              'faces most of the time. Ears and backs of heads got some '
              'footage, too. An hour and 25 minutes in and we finally got a '
              'plot point and then 4 minutes later the movie is over. Wow, '
              'what a ride! I cried, I laughed. I ate supper. At least, I '
              'learned how to play chess so it was not a total waste.',
 'tt1825731': 'For fans of Star Wars, Kung Fu Hustle (Stephen Chow), Swordsman '
              '(Tsui Hark) and other iconic movies of the East and West, this '
              'martial arts comedy with a refreshingly original (and hilarious '
              'one-liners) script will have you splitting your sides.Fans of '
              "Hong Kong's veteran funnyman Eric Tsang, Singapore's "
              "multi-talented and versatile actor Mark Lee and Taiwan's Jacky "
              'Wu, will love the cameo appearances made by these super comics. '
              'Also, did I mention the clever use of CGI to boost the visual '
              "impact of 'kung fu' moves during the show? A must-watch for "
              'aficionados of the comedy-kung fu genre.',
 'tt1847591': 'Though left disappointed after seeing his previous film "Wheat '
              'Harvest", where I lost track of the story line and the main '
              'characters involved, I was prepared to take the blame and to '
              'admit that I did not pay enough attention. Anyway, these '
              'problems were absent with its successor "Fortune Teller", that '
              'was screened on the Rotterdam filmfestival 2011. It provides '
              'for some insight in the lives of people with a very low '
              'standard of living, even in terms of the Chinese country side, '
              'far away from the industrialized society where the economic '
              'situation is much more promising.Fortune Tellers are among the '
              'oldest professions (if not the oldest) in China, with beliefs '
              'and rituals that may seem strange in our Western eyes. '
              'Apparently there is a market for it, and as such we cannot '
              'dismiss the lives of these people as being useless. Conversely, '
              "I'm not sure how these people would regard some of our rituals "
              'and beliefs, if they had the opportunity to observe us from a '
              'distance.Politics seem far away in the country side, where '
              'people experience the consequences of decisions taken '
              'elsewhere, hence cannot be fully disregarded. Rather than '
              'expressing criticism on how democracy works in China, the movie '
              'concentrates on the fall-out of bureaucratic decisions with '
              'little consideration for individuals, and the ways ordinary '
              'people find to cope with such events beyond their influence.In '
              'conclusion, the film gives us some insight in the country side '
              'of China, especially how people live their lives without '
              'knowing much of what happens elsewhere. As far as I could grasp '
              'the mindset of these people and the ways they behave, I found '
              'it interesting and informative. On the other hand, I think that '
              '157 minutes is way too long for my attention span, given that '
              'there was not a large amount of material available to fill that '
              'much time. Its relatively slow pace, combined with lots of '
              'things we see but fail to understand, asks too much of the '
              'Western viewer, even when he is interested in people and '
              'traditions at the other side of the world.',
 'tt1847713': "Sure, we'd need an upgrade or two. After all, this is the age "
              'of digital effects, so the guillotine weapon is now completely '
              'CGed with a bit too much information, showing the implausible '
              'tech wizardry that goes on inside the weapon, now resembling a '
              'sickle-sword in two parts, one that contains the revolving, '
              "spinning wheel that hooks onto one's neck, extends a couple "
              'more mean looking blades, before a yank of a chain decapitates '
              "one's head. Do we get to see the full works? Yes, despite some "
              'censored bits, but considered that the best demonstration of '
              "the weapon comes in the first ten minutes, that's all about "
              'what you can see of a film whose title is the weapon. '
              "Bummer.With no less than having six writers involved, you'd "
              'think at least one of them had the sense to make the '
              'utilization of the weapon a more frequent point in the film, '
              'especially when we have seven characters in a team, all of whom '
              'take up fanciful titles like a basketball team, operating like '
              'a dedicated SWAT platoon, headed by Leng (Ethan Juan). The '
              'story turned out to be convoluted, a classic case of having too '
              'many cooks involved in the brewing of the broth, and with '
              'desire to help director Andrew Lau concoct an Infernal Affairs '
              'equivalent of a martial arts story complete with twists and '
              'turns hinged on loyalty, brotherhood, and a whole lot of hidden '
              'agendas.Emperor Yongzheng has the crack Guillotines team set up '
              'as a secret underground army of his to wipe dissent amongst the '
              'populace, and this continues during the reign of his son '
              'Qianlong, who is adamant in embracing modern technology and '
              'weaponry, and also to wipe this dark episode of a blot on his '
              "dynasty's rule. To do so, he has a sworn group of those whose "
              'astrological star signs are aligned to his, whom his father had '
              'dispersed through various arms in the government, such as Du '
              '(Shawn Yue), an Imperial agent, and even Leng himself. The main '
              'antagonist to his dynasty is Wolf (Huang Xiaoming), the head of '
              'the rebel Herders gang, who is Han and going around rousing '
              'support from the oppressed and disgruntled, and soon enough we '
              'have Leng and his Guillotines open the film with a big action '
              "sequence that may just be the final entertaining fight you'd "
              "see in the movie.That's because with the embrace of guns and "
              'cannons, which boasts a far greater reach that the Guillotines '
              'infamous ability to kill within 10 steps (only), Qianlong is '
              'also keen to have new toys, and to do so, schemes to justify '
              'them while at the same time rid his rule of those who had '
              "served him, and his father, well. Opportunity comes when Leng's "
              'teammate Musen (Li Yuchun), who is also daughter of the '
              'Guillotines chief (played by the legend Jimmy Wang Yu in a non '
              'combat role, unlike in Wu Xia) gets kidnapped by Wolf, and '
              'during their rescue mission, has Du unceremoniously tagged '
              'along their quest. Fine so far? Great, because everything else '
              "that came after is more talk than action. Soon we'd see Leng "
              'being more of a brooder than a man of decisive action, as each '
              'of the major characters begin to reveal true intentions, '
              'centered around what it means to be sworn to loyalty and '
              'brotherhood, yet being in a fix when required to perform '
              "execute someone else's dirty intent. There's opportunity for "
              'gratuitous massacre on screen just to up the body count, as the '
              'Guillotines crack team become more caricatures as the narrative '
              'moved along, rather than the feared team that operated in the '
              "shadows.There's also a lot of The Last Samurai in this, given "
              'the very obvious guns and cannons versus sword fights and '
              'primitive weapons employed by the masses, in what would be an '
              "emperor's degree to wipe his enemies, that by the time this "
              "rolled out you'd know how everything would end, since Qianlong "
              'is after all very much one of the longest reigning monarchs in '
              'Chinese history, and all fantasy of rebels rewriting that, is '
              'zilch. The entire second half of the narrative also had Leng '
              'rescued by the enemy Wolf, and brought to see the light on what '
              'is the true meaning of peace and harmony, when living amongst '
              'those whom he had once sought to silence with his deadly '
              'spinning wheel at the drop of the hat through a decree by the '
              'courts.Ethan Juan probably had it in his contract to shed a lot '
              'of tears and bawl like a crybaby in this one, while Shawn Yue, '
              'with Infernal Affairs tucked under his belt, performs in a '
              'similar capacity, albeit this time in a medieval get up. Huang '
              "Xiaoming's role was the most curious in the film, being almost "
              'messiah like, the chosen one seeking a way to lead his people '
              'out of misery, preaching his brand of politics and revolt '
              'through the many pockets of Han community still scattered '
              'around, and predicting his own untimely demise in what would be '
              'a necessary sacrifice he had foretold to bring about '
              'reconciliation. Even his make up and costuming looks '
              'traditionally messiah-like, although he held his own when '
              "non-violence doesn't seem to sway ideals.It's probably about "
              'time that martial arts films inspired by those of old, stick to '
              "what made them genre in the first place. Nobody's quibbling if "
              "there's a solid story, but in trying to be intellectual and "
              'artificially raising philosophical examination, The Guillotines '
              'becomes a tired exercise attempting too hard to achieve '
              'something more cerebral, forgetting its entertainment aspect, '
              'and what had made its namesake famous in the first place, akin '
              "to the movie's Qianlong in attempting to wipe out what is "
              'remarkably cheesy in its mythos after having to ride on the '
              "goodwill of the franchise's coattails to have this made.",
 'tt1851871': 'Choy Li Fut is an actual martial arts style that exist. I never '
              'heard of it before. But reading about it on the internet was '
              'infinitely more interesting than this poor production. What '
              'were they thinking? And how did they manage to get Sammo Hung '
              'and Yuen Wah on board? They are martial arts legends. That in '
              "itself is more compelling.Now I wasn't expecting a good "
              'film.Average with top notch action would have sufficed just as '
              "good. And with regret I have to inform that isn't the case. "
              'What puzzles me even more is that with this movie they had the '
              'chance to inform the viewer about this form of martial arts and '
              'really sell it.But fail to do so.No real attempt is made. We '
              'simply are shown what you see in most similar movies.A few '
              'tedious training sequences, soap opera antics that absolutely '
              'nobody is waiting for.And fights so boring that I could not '
              'wait for them to be over.There was one redeeming factor. A '
              'short dream like sequence where Sammo Hung and Yeun Wah fight '
              'each other. Much too short but far better than all the other '
              'fights in Choy Lee Fut. To use a quote from this movie:"Don\'t '
              'look too long or you will get nightmares" So true!',
 'tt1856038': 'Surprisingly Love in Space works and despite using all the '
              'clichés, corny love quotes and cheesy confessions of love. It '
              'works because the film never takes itself too seriously, nor '
              "does it try to be profound. It is a simple Fruit Chan's "
              'production that shows couples getting together and nothing '
              'more. Indeed, chemistry between co-stars is a must and the '
              'casting is undoubtedly a success. Aaron Kwok and Rene Liu '
              'convinces as a corny space couple, Eason Chan and the talented '
              'Guey Lun Mei shows honest emotions and surprising Angelababy '
              'impresses for the first time. With some parts of the film being '
              "shot in Sydney, one must question why isn't more films shot in "
              'this beautiful city. Despite all the cheesiness and corniness, '
              'the film somehow reminded me to treasure someone more. All in '
              'all, Love in Space works and it makes me happy\x85'
              '.Neo rates it 7.5/10.www.thehkneo.com',
 'tt1857913': "We're pretty sure many of you will agree that seeing Jet Li's "
              'name on the poster of this action fantasy epic is enough to '
              'convince you to catch this movie- after all, besides Donnie '
              "Yen, we can't think of a bigger martial arts actor in Asia "
              "today. What's more, ever since announcing that 'Fearless' would "
              "be his last 'wushu' movie back in 2006, Jet Li hasn't been as "
              'prolific as before- his previous leading role was in the '
              "tearjerker 'Ocean Heaven'- so this latest represents a return "
              'of sorts to the kind of movie that we love to see him in.The '
              'tale here is a familiar Chinese fable about the forbidden '
              'romance between a simple kind-hearted man and a snake demon who '
              'takes the form of a beautiful woman (previous screen '
              "incarnations include the Shaw Bros' 'Madam White Snake' and "
              "Tsui Hark's 'Green Snake'). And like action maestro and "
              "sometimes-director Tony Ching Siu-Tong's directorial debut 'A "
              "Chinese Ghost Story', it is set amidst a fantasy world where "
              'both humans and demons roam, with the latter taking on human '
              'form to deceive the former. An action-packed opening sequence '
              "where Jet Li's sorcerer-monk Fahai- together with his protégé "
              'Neng Ren (Wen Zhang)- defeats the dangerously alluring Ice '
              'Witch (Vivian Hsu) establishes the malevolent nature of the '
              "demons, as well as Fahai's mission to vanquish those who "
              'threaten the lives of humans. It also serves as fair warning '
              "that this latest adaptation of the 'White Snake' legend is not "
              "simply an '80s-throwback (a la Wilson Yip's remake of 'A "
              "Chinese Ghost Story' earlier this year), but rather a 21st- "
              'century treatment using the latest advances in CGI to create '
              'some lavish backdrops for the multiple elaborate action '
              "sequences. And warning indeed it is, for you'd best be advised "
              'to temper your expectations about the visual effects on '
              'display. Yes, while the booming China film industry can now '
              'easily rival its Hollywood counterpart on scale and spectacle, '
              'it still has a long way to go when it comes to CG imagery- and '
              'the amateurish special effects within the very first sequence '
              'will tell you as much. Thankfully, it gets better- and we mean '
              'much better- as the movie progresses, even managing to impress '
              'by the time it reaches the climactic showdown between Fahai and '
              "the White Snake. Still, the strength in Tony Ching's film lies "
              'not in its showcase of modern-day CG techniques, but rather in '
              "its old-fashioned love story between 'White Snake' Bai Suzhen "
              '(Eva Huang) and young herbalist Xu Xian (Raymond Lam). This is '
              "the equivalent of 'Romeo and Juliet' for the Chinese audience, "
              'and Tony knows how to push the right buttons to engender a '
              'sweet affecting romance between the two leads. Much of the '
              "credit also goes to William Chang's vivid costume design and "
              "Zhai Tao's rich production design, which successfully create a "
              'fantastically beautiful landscape to evoke the passion behind '
              'the human-snake coupling. There is also a surprisingly potent '
              'dose of humour in the screenplay by Zhang Tan, Tsan Kan-cheong '
              'and Szeto Cheuk-hon. Rather than let the film drown in its own '
              'seriousness, the trio inject some playfulness into their '
              "treatment of the fantasy. Neng Ren's transformation into a bat "
              'demon after being poisoned by one brings much levity to the '
              "proceedings, and Xu Xian's encounter with Suzhen's "
              "animal-turned-human 'parents' (Chapman To, Miriam Yeung and Lam "
              'Suet gleefully hamming it for broad laughs) is particularly '
              'campy but hilarious. Despite the slapstick, Tony maintains a '
              "firm grasp of the film's tone, and alternates between comedy, "
              'romance and drama with ease and confidence. The same dexterity '
              'can also be said of his work as action director on the film, '
              'especially in his ability at integrating rather seamlessly the '
              'movements of his cast and the special effects added '
              'post-production. A battle between Fahai and Neng Ren against '
              'the bat-demon on Mid-Autumn night is an excellent '
              'case-in-point- ditto for the extended climax between Fahai and '
              'the White Snake set in the middle of the ocean. Admittedly '
              'however, none of the action sequences are particularly '
              'memorable- mostly because Jet Li only gets to spar against '
              "either a green screen or against 'green' martial arts actors "
              "like Eva Huang and Charlene Choi.Still, Jet Li's stately "
              'presence shines through despite the CG distractions, and his '
              'undimmed screen charisma overcomes the shortcomings of the '
              "slightly underwritten role. The surprise here is however Eva's "
              'spirited (pardon the pun) performance, lively, vivacious and '
              "genuinely affecting in her demonstration of the White Snake's "
              'deep love for Xu Xian. Her Hong Kong counterparts Charlene and '
              'Raymond however pale far in comparison- their ho-hum '
              'performances of their essentially one-note characters easily '
              'forgettable.But in spite of these shortcomings, this remains a '
              'richly entertaining brew of fantasy, romance and CGI- the '
              'supernatural world is vividly realised, the romance is '
              'surprisingly affecting and the CGI is also commendable by the '
              "standards of Chinese cinema. Much better than this year's "
              "'Chinese Ghost Story' attempt at resurrecting the once- "
              "flourishing supernatural action genre, Tony Ching's latest is a "
              'sumptuous treat for the imagination. And of course, given the '
              'rarity of watching Jet Li in action on the big screen these '
              "days, 'The Sorcerer and the White Snake' deserves to be seen by "
              'his fans- even if it may not be his best work.',
 'tt1861421': 'The Tsui Hark production "A Chinese Ghost Story" is without a '
              'doubt a seminal classic of Hong Kong cinema, successfully '
              'blending some of its signature elements like over-the-top '
              'action, overwrought emotions and a dizzying mix of various '
              'genres- in this instance, romance, comedy and horror. It is a '
              'tall task then to attempt a reinterpretation of it, but "Ip '
              'Man" director Wilson Yip has boldly attempted to go where no '
              'Hong Kong director has dared to tread.It seems however that '
              "this reluctance has been for good reason- despite Yip's efforts "
              'at mimicking the hallmarks of the earlier film, his 2011 remake '
              'is a slapdash product with little actual merit. The ineptness '
              "of Yip's version is indeed appalling- especially considering "
              'his solid, if not outstanding, work on the two "Ip Man" movies- '
              'and in almost every respect proves to be inferior to Ching '
              "Siu-Tung's original. That is, except for its end credits- and "
              "only because it rehases the late Leslie Cheung's classic theme "
              'song.Right from the beginning, one can sense that there is '
              'something amiss with the movie. A hastily-told prologue tries '
              'to establish- but fails to do so with any resonance- the doomed '
              'romance between demon slayer Yan Chi Xia (Louis Koo) and Nip '
              'Siu-Sin, or Xiao Qian (Liu Yifei) as she is more popularly '
              "known. Apparently, Cia Xia didn't have the heart to kill "
              'Siu-Sin when the time came for him to do so- instead, he erased '
              'her memory of their relationship and set her free, thereby also '
              'falling out with another demon slayer Thunder (played by Ip Man '
              'regular Fan Siu-Wong).Fans of the original would already '
              'suspect the difference between the two, and true enough, the '
              "focus of Yip's movie seems to have shifted to the character of "
              "Chi Xia- in the process, setting up Leslie Cheung's Ning Cai "
              'Chen (played here by the terrible Chinese actor Yu Shaoqun) as '
              "a romantic rival instead to Chi Xia for Siu-Sin's affections. "
              "Cheung's classic character turns out to be the scholar a "
              'water-impoverished town turns to for assistance, and it is to '
              'solve their water woes that Cai Chen ventures into the '
              'mountains, meets Siu-Sin and lands up at Lan Tze Temple.As with '
              "the original, the trio's common enemy is the Tree Demon, to "
              "whom Siu-Sin's spirit is enslaved to and with whom Chi Xia and "
              'Cai Chen will eventually battle against in a CG-heavy '
              'action-packed finale. The latter has Yip demonstrating the sure '
              'hand he had with the action sequences in "Ip Man", and is '
              'easily the best thing the movie has going for it. Complementing '
              'the fluid martial arts choreography (among the choreographers '
              'veteran Ma Yuk-Shing) is the impressive visual effects- done '
              'post-production in Korea- which only goes to show that the '
              'China film industry can very well handle CG as competently as '
              'its Hollywood counterparts.Unfortunately, the hour before this '
              'climactic battle is one tedious slog, no thanks to a dreadful '
              'script by Cheung Tan (also equally guilty for the Chen Kaige '
              "dud 'The Promise'). Not only is the dialogue god-awful and "
              'filled with moments of unintentional humour, there is close to '
              'little characterisation- be it Chi Xia, Cai Chen, or Sui-Sin. '
              "Yip compensates for Cheung's bad scripting with a somewhat "
              "frenetic pace, but that's not enough to distract his audience "
              'from its flaws and repetitive scenes. Most importantly, the '
              'romantic triangle also fails to take off, and remains stuck in '
              "cutesy scenes (what's up with the feeding of sweets) that "
              'belong in a teenage fantasy. And because one never quite comes '
              'to believe in the star-crossed romance between human and demon, '
              'the finale also lacks the poignancy of the original.Equally '
              'uninspired is the acting- or rather, the lack of it- on '
              'display. Louis Koo attempts to emote as one half in an '
              "ill-fated romance, but doesn't quite succeed. Yifei has the "
              'beguiling looks to go with her part, but lacks conviction. But '
              'the worst of the lot is Mainland actor Yu Shaoqun, who proves '
              "time and time again that he simply cannot act (if you've seen "
              "last year's Kung Fu Wing Chun, you'll agree too). His portrayal "
              'of the shy soft-spoken and good-hearted romantic lover is '
              "simply ingratiating and an utter insult to Leslie Cheung's "
              'nuanced performance. Ditto for Louis and Yifei, whose acting '
              "can't hold a candle to Wu Ma and Joey Wong's in the "
              'original.There are however exceptions- Kara Hui is gleefully '
              'campy as the Tree Demon, while Elvis Tsui, who also starred in '
              'the original, offers some welcome comic relief as the chief of '
              'the village Cai Chen visits. Yet these are little consolation '
              'for a movie that never justifies its existence, paling in every '
              "respect to Ching Siu-Tong's classic. And the horror of it all? "
              'The filmmakers had the audacity to think that their efforts '
              'were worthy enough for them to dedicate this film to the late '
              'Leslie Cheung!',
 'tt1871360': 'Chinese American director Carol Liu presents the lives of '
              'several members of an extremely poor, rural community in '
              'Ningxia, China, where most have never set foot in a hospital. '
              'The documentary shows how minor medical problems can tragically '
              "affect people's fates if left unattended.We learn of a young "
              'aspiring artist with a bone infection; of her grandmother, a '
              'farmer who has lost her sight due to cataracts; and a 10-year '
              'old boy who dreams of becoming a truck driver, despite having '
              "been blinded by a neglected illness. These characters' "
              'dignified stand in the face of massive challenges is humbling '
              'and disarmingly moving.The film also follows the story of a '
              'doctor and his family, who give up the advantages of working in '
              'a city and even sell their home in order to treat '
              'underprivileged rural patients in their non-profit eye clinic. '
              'Their sacrifice underlines essential values that are so easily '
              'overlooked in the sometimes numbing modern society that we live '
              "in.I'm surprised by the lightness that Liu has managed to find "
              "in these very heavy topics and by how she's brought attention "
              "to social problems without being preachy. 'Restoring the Light' "
              'owes much of its delicate quality not only to its beautiful '
              'photography, music and editing, but also to the tenderness and '
              'natural glow of the people whose lives it explores.',
 'tt1874412': 'Is this for real? Please tell me how I can get my '
              'hour-and-a-half back?Triton Force is primitive storytelling '
              'peppered with cliché dialog too painful to watch. It was like a '
              'bad-hangover-Saturday afternoon with retarded mutant ninja '
              'turtles meet mechawarriors with butt-rockets. Imagine taking '
              'elements from every space scifi and animation movie and '
              'cramming them into one anime story. This is it, only minus the '
              'originality and imagination. Truly beyond rescuing.Should have '
              'been a PlayStation game rather than a movie. Even then, I doubt '
              'it would have generated any interest. 2 stars for CG, sound '
              'effects and voice actors, but hardly any saving grace.',
 'tt1876517': "If you have watched Kung Fu panda, don't watch this. The "
              'contrast will be brutally incomparable. The story revolve '
              'around a fat rabbit who has acquire the life-long kungfu aura '
              'of Shifu (a monkey). The fat rabbit will eventually uphold '
              'justice by defeating the bad ass Panda.Almost the same '
              'storyline but a lot more dull and boring. Animation was as poor '
              'as what you will see in a mediocre Nickelodeon computer '
              'generated graphics. A good analogy will be a wanna-be China '
              'made World of Warcraft program.A recent interview with the '
              'voice cast of the movie states that the comparison of this '
              'movie with Kungfu Panda is inevitable. It also mean that this '
              'movie is as good as the latter having been compared to it. I '
              'have a gut feeling that audience will feel cheated should they '
              'believe that statement.So if you want to watch some animation '
              "with your kids, watching Nickelodeon isn't a bad idea and the "
              'storyline is shorter without the agony of going through a '
              'wanna-be movie. By the way, there are better 3D movies out '
              'there anyway.',
 'tt1878842': '-The sub I got was sketchy at places, but it at least helped me '
              'understand what characters were talking about-The film itself '
              "is fine - in fact it's better than fine! It's no Grave of the "
              'Fireflies, but it has the punch a movie about WWII should have '
              'and is the only animated holocaust film I can name off the top '
              "of my hand. There's a happier ending than most films of it's "
              "kind, and it's oddly fitting for this movie. It's not a "
              'tearjerker or complete tragedy. It is however a drama that I '
              'think is best for kids and families who are just now being '
              'introduced to this part of history. Story wise there is only '
              'one major drawback to the film and that would be these animal '
              "sidekicks that follow our kids around. They're distracting and "
              "in everyone's way. One is enough but three is too much (also "
              "they talk by the end of film? I honestly couldn't tell because "
              'of the sub). The thing that will make or break this movie is '
              "the animation. It's not horrendous and it's serviceable, even "
              'kinda pretty at parts. The film would be made if it had a '
              "higher budget of animation. With the quality it has I'm worried "
              'people pick this movie out of the blue and judge it by how it '
              'looks rather than stopping to see where it goes (to be fair '
              'though, animated films do kinda owe themselves to looking '
              'presentable at the very least). Oh well. Give it a chance, '
              'especially if you like all walks of animation and animated '
              'films like I do.',
 'tt1884331': 'Satirising the current mini-trend for murder mysteries and '
              'costume detectives, Deadly Will is a lightly funny vehicle for '
              "comedian Guo Tao that's sustained by some good screen chemistry "
              'between the cast and an air of not taking itself very '
              'seriously. Guo looks much more at home here than in the recent '
              '3-D extravaganza Don Quixote , where his deadpan style was '
              'overwhelmed by the production and special effects. As the '
              'doofus detective Ka Naiji (a pun on "Nike card"), who is asked '
              "to solve the brutal murder of a rich man's elder son, Guo has a "
              'good screen partner in TV actress Cecilia Han as an unlikely '
              'martial arts expert assigned to help him, as well as co-stars '
              "Ju Wenpei as the plot's femme fatale and Hong Kong's Patrick "
              'Tam as a devious family doctor.\n'
              'The corkscrew plot, revolving round a complicatedly structured '
              'will, just about makes sense, and fends off close examination '
              'thanks to mobile direction by Hou Liang . Production values are '
              'on the modest side but okay, and after apparently concluding at '
              'the 70-minute mark the script blithely adds an extra act with a '
              'few more surprises. The film is more likably humorous than '
              'laugh-out-loud, but a plot development involving a Korean '
              'character is genuinely funny. The Chinese title involves '
              'several untranslatable puns.(By Derek Elley)',
 'tt1885448': 'Epic story of two military strategists both in love with the '
              'same woman.Its an epic action/romance filled with lots of '
              'crashing armies, tons of computer generated images, freeze '
              'frame action sequences and a sense that that it was done on the '
              'cheap by TV people. I could be wrong of course simply because '
              'it just may have been done cheaply, but the feel seems to match '
              'TV drama at times.The action sequences seem wildly scaled down '
              'despite being massively huge with the result that they are epic '
              "to look at but not particularly exciting (I won't go into the "
              "dullest chariot race I've ever seen with the chariots moving at "
              'different speeds in different shots) The other problem I have '
              'is that the film seems to be larger than the confines of the '
              'story. There were times when I had the sense that I was missing '
              'something.Its not a bad film, but with all of the epic films '
              "coming from China, Hong Kong and Taiwan I'm forced to wonder "
              'how this film was chosen to get a release in the US- on the '
              'same day as its release in Asia',
 'tt1887945': "With Hong Kong productions at an all time low, it's almost "
              'imperative for Mainland movies to step up its game. While '
              'historically known for making good period pictures, China have '
              'finally come of age in delivering a romantic drama that the '
              'modern audience can relate to. While the film is really '
              'scattered and uneven in terms of quality, with the first two '
              'stories earning all the marks and attractions before falling '
              'downhill from the third and last episode. The first story is '
              'simply pitch perfect in its acting and delivering about finding '
              'love while the second oozes with quality in the star duo of '
              'Zhang Jingchu and Jiang Wen. However, the same as not be said '
              'about the third, despite its honest intention in showing the '
              'aftermath of a cheating couple, the delivery is terrible and '
              'Karen Mok can do nothing to assist the process. As for the '
              'final piece of the puzzle, the story is inaccessible and '
              'downright terrible. As a result, Law of Attraction is a film of '
              'two parts. If the film ended with Zhang Jingchu trying their '
              'hardest with getting a baby, it is an easy 8/10. However the '
              'final two segments fail miserably with 4/10 at best. All in '
              'all, Law of Attraction is a clear departure from the norm and '
              'even if only half of it is any good, China is finally heading '
              'the right direction\x85'
              ' Neo rates it 6.5/10www.thehkneo.com',
 'tt1887955': 'You may have noticed the recent increase of Mainland Chinese '
              'friendly movies. These productions feature a mix of '
              'recognisable household names and less familiar Mainland Chinese '
              'stars. A large part of these co productions are shot on '
              'location in China. Most important of all, these movies touch on '
              'subject matters which do not require censorship, making '
              'romantic comedies a favourite genre amongst filmmakers.The '
              'rationale behind the boost of these productions is clear: The '
              "Mainland Chinese market is a lucrative one, and isn't movie "
              'making predominantly a money making business these days?The '
              'latest in joining the frenzy is Hong Kong writer director '
              "Patrick Kong. His previous solo directorial efforts (2008's "
              "Forgive and Forget, 2009's Love Connected) may not have been "
              'screened in theatres here, but you may have seen DVDs of movies '
              'like Love Is Not All Around (2007) and L For Love, L For Lies '
              '(2008) on sale in local retail stores. From the above-mentioned '
              'movie titles, you would have noticed that Kong is apt at '
              'helming romantic flicks, which makes his latest work very '
              "accessible in the Mainland Chinese market.The movie's "
              'protagonist is a married man who has to deal with bills, loans '
              'and a wife who adds to the high cost of living. To make ends '
              'meet, he takes on the job of a personal assistant to a '
              'seemingly cold and unfeeling CEO in a perfume company. The '
              'catch here? He has to pretend that he is still single to nab '
              'that high paying job.Based on a stage production, this decent '
              'movie tackles a phenomenon which is apparently a cosmopolitan '
              'social issue in China. Young people are getting married '
              'secretly (to the rest of the world, they are still single) in '
              'order to get a better job and command a higher income. Because '
              "this isn't a problem in our society, this social commentary may "
              'fly past our heads. As a result, this production may merely be '
              'a time passing romantic comedy.Which is quite a shame, because '
              'the movie does offer some issues which are worth pondering in '
              'our fast paced society. Most viewers are likely to miss them '
              'though, because the 103 minute plays out in a predictable '
              'manner, throwing in predictable chuckle worthy moments and the '
              "obligatory product placements so intermittently, you'd dismiss "
              "it like the dozens of romantic comedies you've seen "
              'elsewhere.The familiar faces here are singers Eason Chan and '
              'Rene Liu. Chan plays the man who faces the pressures of '
              'sustaining his marriage with a highly paid job, while Liu plays '
              'his unsympathetic and hardhearted boss. The power play here is '
              'interesting in the initial stages, but as the movie progresses, '
              'it develops into an inevitable romance between the two. The '
              "tension is set up nicely, but it's nothing you haven't seen "
              'elsewhere. The two leads deliver strong performances, '
              "especially with Liu taking on a role she's particularly good at "
              '– the long suffering woman who appears strong and competent on '
              'the outside, but is desperately in need of affection and '
              'care.Elsewhere, expect stereotypical portrayals of supporting '
              'characters like the one dimensional wife (Bai Bing), the gay '
              'colleague (Chen Hao) and the girlfriend who dishes bad advice '
              '(Qin Lan). Harlem Yu also shows up for a special appearance as '
              "Chan's good friend. One thing which we always welcome in "
              'productions like this is hearing our favourite singers perform. '
              "And that's why when Chan and Liu's songs were played, we "
              "couldn't help but hum quietly along, thinking to ourselves that "
              "this isn't such a bad movie after all.www.moviexclusive.com",
 'tt1900886': 'As I am a huge fan of Hong Kong movies, I am very familiar with '
              'classics such as the classic 1994 Wing Chun that told the story '
              'of the origins of the martial arts style. Starring Michelle '
              'Yeoh as the title role, the movie was both a martial arts fest '
              'and a touching, funny romance with now famous Donnie Yen, and '
              'it became one of my favorite 90s Hong Kong movies. So imagine '
              'my surprise when I chanced upon this 2010 remake with Ying Bai '
              'as the starring role, and I immediately watched it.After seeing '
              'this, I have to say this modern remake exceeded my expectations '
              'and has become of my favorites of 2010: the action here comes '
              'in intense does as Wing Chun fights off her foes like the '
              'original, especially at the ending. The romantic part of the '
              'movie started off with a misunderstanding, like the original, '
              'that eventually is reconciled in a funny yet touching manner, '
              'and it helps to have Yuen Wah and Yuen Qiu to bolster the '
              'funniness, though the leads certainly carried the film. Shaoqun '
              'Yu is convincing as the scholarly gentlemen Bao Chou who '
              'eventually sees the quality in Wing Chun, while Wing Chun '
              'herself is played winningly by Jing Bai, who I have never seen '
              'before but played the part beautifully. In the future I look '
              'forward to seeing her in other movies.All in all, there is no '
              'reason why you should not see this movie, especially if you '
              'loved the original Wing Chun and/or love Hong Kong martial arts '
              'movies in general. Go see it! 9/10',
 'tt1915545': 'I saw this at Salem Film Festival 2011, and was very impressed. '
              'Gil Kofman not only did an amazing job directing, but he also '
              'wrote and edited as well. He shared his experiences in making a '
              'large production film in China under a communist regime. It was '
              'fascinating hearing him tell his story after we watched the '
              'film!There is actually a Chinese version of the film, which we '
              'watched the first five minutes of. Thank God Gil retained the '
              'rights to his own film here in America--the Chinese version was '
              'like watching a dying animal. The cast was AMAZING, and I was '
              'overall very impressed with the production. I think Gil did a '
              'good job bringing his vision to a film that was highly dictated '
              'by a country of censorship and artistic repression. I would '
              'recommend this film to anyone who likes a good story with lots '
              'of good twists!',
 'tt1919137': 'I\'m not sure if my summary "line" constitutes an oxymoron but '
              "anyway, anyone who has watched director LU Chuan's brilliant "
              'debut "Kekexili" (2004) knows that he is uncompromising when it '
              'comes to the artistic style of his work. Arguably the most '
              'dramatic epic in Chinese ancient history is the titanic '
              'struggle between LIU Bang and XIANG Yu which many consider to '
              'have started at the Feast at Hong Gate which, arguably again, '
              'is the most famous single dramatic event in Chinese ancient '
              'history. This story has seen almost countless screen '
              'presentations in the Chinese language cinema. Quite '
              'predictably, all these attempts wound up in lush entertaining '
              'packages, from unabashedly melodramatic to somewhat more '
              'tasteful work. Yet, nobody has done what Lu did.Anchored in LIU '
              'at his deathbed, having enjoyed his hard-won kingdom but not '
              'without a few regrets (albeit he probably still did it his '
              'way), the story unfolds in snapshots of short flashback scenes '
              'juxtaposing in an almost chaotic way between characters and '
              'events. For instance, the famous Feast at Hong Gate keeps '
              'coming back, from time to time, but each time with added '
              'perspective. The expected treacheries, betrayals, ruthless '
              'cruelties are all there in this, to borrow a critic so aptly '
              'borrowed himself, "game of thrones". However, LU adds another '
              'dimension all of his own, close to the end. Allegorical in no '
              'uncertain terms, he spares no pain in telling the story of how '
              'people in power falsify history. It is almost a miracle that '
              'this segment survives uncensored.The cast is uniformly '
              'brilliant. The three top-billed are superstars from the three '
              'most prominent Chinese ethnic communities. LIU Ye (Mainland '
              'China) portrays the founder of the Han Dynasty (who might have '
              'even been an ancient ancestor of his from a score of centuries '
              'ago). Cast somewhat against type is Daniel Wu (Hong Kong) who '
              'portrays a most macho hero in history you can name, XIANG Yu. '
              "The third of this tripod is Taiwan's CHANG Chen who plays the "
              'brilliant general and strategist HAN Xin, whose fate is '
              "tragically interwoven with the other two's. QIN Lan is as "
              'chilling a dark queen as you can get, making Lady Macbeth look '
              'like Cinderella. ZHANG Liang, historically just as important '
              "(and some would say more so) as HAN is given a cool observer's "
              'role in this film, ably portrayed by QI Dao. SHA Yi has his '
              "moment toward the end as XIAO He, another of the emperor's key "
              'advisors who finds himself plunging into a bottomless pit of '
              'lies."The last supper" will likely disappoint some who are '
              'looking for conventional entertainment. Those with the appetite '
              'for an exceptional piece of filmmaking will be vastly '
              'entertained, albeit not in the conventional way.',
 'tt1920885': 'I heard about Big fish & begonia (Da Hai) in 2013 and I was '
              'shocked by the 5-minute trailer at that time. At first sight I '
              'thought it was a Ghibli movie again, but then I learned about '
              'that the core story got some inspiration from some ancient '
              'Chinese proses, such as "A Leisurely Tour" by Chuang-tzu and '
              "ShanHai Jing. As a Chinese, I know I can't describe my feeling "
              'perfectly in English, but I just want to say that Big Fish & '
              'Begonia (Da Hai) is a very moving and wonderful movie which can '
              'make me cry every time. It tells a story about salvation, love '
              "and growth. It's totally Chinese, from these good pictures to "
              'the touching story. I hope one day the movie can be released in '
              'some other countries, so that more and more audience can enjoy '
              'its beauty and be moved by it.',
 'tt1922566': 'The much anticipated, banned Mainland movie about the sex '
              'industry was actually more disappointing than enjoyable. With a '
              'bunch of eagerly awaiting audience looking forward to see some '
              'genuine female body parts and beautiful faces, but we are left '
              'with over exposure of camera shots focusing on male than their '
              'more petite counterparts. It is even more shameful to say that '
              'the film was banned in China. When in essence there is really '
              'nothing out of place or daring about this film. Surely, it '
              'showed the darker side of the sex industry, but it offers no '
              'new insights into the oldest profession in the world. Still, '
              'despite this, Sauna on Moon is still better than average and '
              'for passable entertainment, some fun can still be had.The real '
              'problem of this film is that no actors/actresses really stood '
              'out to be remembered, but rather everyone seems to be happy '
              'enough to play bit-part characters. This can be explained by '
              'the director (Zou Peng) himself, that he used a lot of people '
              'he know and real people from the sex industry in this film. In '
              'a way, it is actually commendable to the director for even '
              'attempting this kind of touching genre in the Mainland '
              'territory. Surely, he had to work within the strict boundaries '
              'and cautious restrictions. Even though the film is banned from '
              'release, the last thing, Zou Peng wanted is to be banned and '
              'arrested from film making forever.All in all, Sauna on Moon is '
              "not a bad film, but it feels like a product that doesn't walk "
              "the talks, doesn't show enough feminine body parts to strike a "
              'cord with the demanding and expecting audience. Cutting these '
              'kind of superficial entertainment value, the film is rather '
              'tame in its message of alluding hope, dreams and the pursue of '
              'what people wanted in life with some famous events like the '
              'Chinese Space expedition. The reality is life sucks and it '
              'sucks more if you work in the sex industry, but somehow you can '
              'still dream in Sauna on Moon. In other words, keep dreaming\x85'
              'Neo rates it 6/10www.thehkneo.com',
 'tt1934335': 'Can Andrew Lau, better known for his Infernal Affairs movies, '
              'cop dramas and action films, deliver an outright romantic '
              'movie? Sure, as A Beautiful Life shows, although riddled with '
              'enough genre clichés compensated by an amazing timeline for the '
              'narrative to develop, more than watching a couple develop in '
              'their love for each other from a chance meeting until the '
              "standard happy ending - it's meant for the Chinese market after "
              'all, so I suppose it has to stay within the confines that all '
              'will be well no matter how bleak everything can become.As far '
              "as romantic movies go, this one's pretty ambitious in its "
              'timeline and narrative development, that it is almost akin to '
              'watching the natural progression of a relationship that worked, '
              "although for a romantic film, you'd sort of figure a life "
              'threatening disease kicking in at some point in order to play '
              'up the main theme of sacrifice, a cornerstone for something '
              'unconditional. In a tale of two halves, it shows how one party '
              'demonstrates that level of care and concern for the other, '
              'before tables get turned in almost a reciprocal manner, though '
              'you might add that one of the two probably drew the shorter end '
              'of the stick.Another Hong Kong-China co-production, A Beautiful '
              'Life follows the life of Li Peiru (Shu Qi in her umpteenth '
              "romantic role of her career), a real estate agent who's "
              'perpetually drunk, in a relationship with her married boss in '
              'the hopes that she can stay in Beijing and lead the life of a '
              "tai tai. Well not quite, since she's emotionally miserable "
              'almost all of the time. She chances upon Fang Zhendong (Liu '
              "Ye), an honest cop who's the immaculate do-gooder, all round "
              'Chinese hero of sorts who inevitably falls for the free '
              "spirited lass.As subplots to beef up the narrative, there's the "
              'brotherly love between Zhendong and his autistic brother '
              'Zhencong (Tian Liang) where the latter is also engaged in his '
              'own romantic dalliances with the mute girl Xiaowan (Feng '
              'Danying), where this almost blissful couple is in stark '
              'contrast to the more testy one between Peiru and Zhendong. And '
              "when I mean testy, it's that perennial test of trust and leap "
              'of faith where Zhendong goes against the warnings of his blind '
              'confidante (played by Anthony Wong no less) when Zhendong '
              "coughs out hundreds of thousands of dollars to sponsor Peiru's "
              'dream of opening up her own shop.Seriously, the movie really '
              'dragged on and the finale was something that failed to man up, '
              "opting for the cop out to sooth audience's expectations rather "
              'than to follow through with its own intent involving '
              'unfortunate demise. Perhaps it really played to the points of '
              'one not having to be afraid when being with the one you love, '
              "or if you were to want to read it a little deeper, it's a "
              'socio-political suck up made where China stands as big brother '
              'despite its flaws, looking after the rogue entities who embrace '
              'various frowned upon vices, only to be seen ever ready to '
              'embrace them back into the fold, and show them the route to '
              'eternal happiness as one big family.What made this work though '
              'happened to be the incredible chemistry between Shu Qi and Liu '
              'Ye especially, playing stock characters with aplomb that made '
              'their romance believable. One of the scenes that stood out was '
              'an incredibly long, single take where the duo had to walk down '
              'an extended walkway, one being drunk while the other constantly '
              'being that pillar of support, engaging in honest conversation '
              'that I would have shuddered to think about the effort that went '
              'behind making this one take possible. Cinematography was also '
              'top notch in this film capturing the hustle and bustle of the '
              'city, in contrast against the more serene villages, though this '
              "should come as no surprise given the director's background.The "
              'Chinese title for A Beautiful Life underwent a change from the '
              'literal translation of the English title, to the more oomph '
              'filled one that reads a vow not to let the other party be '
              "lonely. And in some ways it's a more fitting title given the "
              'way things progressed between the characters in their give and '
              'take, and ambitious melodrama in wanting to cover the different '
              "stages, progression and development in a couple's love life. "
              'And that with their family as well.',
 'tt1941536': "I am never quite the fan of Johnnie To's romantic films of "
              "recent times, especially since Linger shouldn't have lingered, "
              "and Don't Go Breaking My Heart had an interesting premise, but "
              'ultimately you can feel that it got made with an eye for the '
              'Mainland market, and had a final act in China which bordered so '
              'close on the ridiculously impossible. But with his Milkyway '
              'creative team firmly behind him, they have now roared back with '
              'a solidly crafted romantic classic that would put the Nicholas '
              'Sparks films that Hollywood consistently churns out these days '
              'to sit up and realize that this part of the world can play the '
              'same game.Romancing in Thin Air welcomes the empathic return of '
              'Sammi Cheng since her last film outing in Lady Cop & Papa Crook '
              'back in 2008. She plays Sue, a woman who has been holding onto '
              'memories of her missing husband Tian (Li Guangjie), refusing to '
              "give in that after 7 years since he's lost in a thick forest "
              'that he had simply passed on. Adamant that he will one day '
              'return to where they last parted, she now works at the Deep '
              'Woods Hotel in the snowy picturesque mountainous region of the '
              'Yunnan province (which accounts for the thinness of air in the '
              'title), waiting for that eventual day to come.But here comes a '
              "movie star to gatecrash that melancholic mood. Louis Koo's "
              'Michael Lau is a big time Hong Kong actor who got '
              'unceremoniously left at the altar after his actress wife to be '
              'Yuan Yuan (Gao Yuanyuan) decided to skip out publicly when her '
              'husband in China paid a tearful visit for her return home, '
              'leaving him an emotional wreck who turned to the bottle, and '
              'eventually found his way to Deep Woods Hotel by mistake (or by '
              'chance, depending on how you would like to interpret it). Koo '
              'keeps his character bearded for the most parts, charming '
              'everyone in the small province from the hotel staff, to the '
              'doctor (Tien Niu) who treated him, everyone eager to pose for a '
              'picture especially without his knowing and in his most '
              'unflattering state.As you would have guessed it, this is a '
              'story about two characters whose togetherness will bring about '
              'natural therapy from the pain each of them are bearing, and '
              'would find that spark of companionship and romanticism thanks '
              'to frequent bike rides and sunsets. This rehabilitation of two '
              "broken souls provide that emotional grounding that's requisite "
              'for a romantic film like this one to work, and screenwriters '
              'such as Wai Ka-Fai and Yau Nai-Hoi pile such moments on, '
              'especially since both Koo and Cheng share some wonderful '
              'chemistry on screen together. And you know the characters are '
              'made for each other when Sue is discovered to be a long time '
              'fan of Michael Lau the actor, just like how fairy tales get '
              "crafted with one about to be fulfilled now.It's curious to note "
              'that the Chinese title had a "2", implying a sequel of sorts. I '
              "had gone back to To's filmography to look for the original, but "
              "unless my research came up short, I believe it's referring to "
              'the two stories we get for the price of one here, the first '
              'being that of Sue and Ting which took up a significant portion '
              'of time in the middle act, before it goes on with the present '
              'in Sue and Michael. Or of course referring to the second '
              'chances that both characters have in front of them, if only '
              'they were to let go of the past and commit to the present. In a '
              'certain way you can say this is more of a Sammi Cheng comeback '
              'vehicle and marks her second film renaissance and career '
              'resurrection, which in itself overpowers that of Cecilia '
              "Cheung's collective comeback film efforts last year.I am always "
              'of the opinion that the more successful romances on film are '
              'either romantic comedies, or romantic tragedies. This film had '
              'a sprinkling of comedic moments mostly put into the first act, '
              'although not the main focus of the movie, and making it the '
              'latter will just shortchange the audience and perhaps spoil the '
              "mood for some as they celebrate this February's main "
              'celebratory highlight. But still it managed to tackle and '
              'include an aspect of it in brilliant terms to allow for a meta '
              'based finale that says a lot more than was left unspoken, and '
              'provided that oomph to the finale that had some unavoidable '
              'morbidity put into it.Romancing in Thin Air is obviously '
              "Milkyway's offering this Valentine's Day period, and given its "
              'down to earth treatment, nevermind it being steeped with '
              'certain clichés, set against a breathtaking backdrop of snowy '
              'white mountains and plains, it scores with its moving '
              'soundtrack, wonderful cast and having just about everything '
              'right to make this an unforgettable trip for old fashioned '
              'romantics. Recommended for all lovers the week to come!',
 'tt1943048': 'And then some horrible editor got their hands on the footage '
              'and decided to really make it unwatchable.\n'
              "The edits made my eyes hurt in only the way watching one's own "
              'parents make a sex tape can.\n'
              'The speeding up, slowing down, and constant jumpiness of the '
              'edits really ruined any story that could have been fun to '
              'watch.',
 'tt1946502': "People who are giving 10/10...come on now...this doesn't "
              'compare to Inside Out, Zootopia, Toy Story, Lion King etc\n'
              'Was it terrible...no but it was missing something. Yes the '
              'message was good but could have been delivered more powerfully '
              'and the best part was definitely all the musical scenes. So at '
              'least a 6 is fair.',
 'tt1980046': 'This is not as good as Jiuliang Wang\'s more recent "Plastic '
              'China" (2016) (see my review), but it is very interesting '
              'nonetheless. And it covers more ground, as it were; in fact, '
              'Wang visited hundreds of trash dumps, landfills, pig sties, '
              'high rise construction sites, polluted rivers and streams, etc. '
              'in and around Beijing during the filming.He shows truckloads of '
              'human waste poured into ponds, and trucks dumping huge loads of '
              'trash, especially plastic trash onto piles and piles of trash '
              'in which men, women and children make their meagre living. I '
              'was particularly grossed out by how the penned-in pigs are fed '
              'their swill (primarily semi-liquid garbage from restaurants). '
              'According to Wang, sometimes the oil from the restaurant '
              'garbage is filtered out and resold for human consumption.Of '
              'course, what Wang shows in this film could be filmed in many '
              'other cities of the world. The point here is that Beijing is a '
              'particularly polluted city. The ground water is polluted, the '
              'air is polluted and apparently some of the food is polluted.The '
              'reason I believe that "Plastic China" is a better film is '
              'because it focuses more closely and revealingly on the people '
              'working the trash. This film is more impersonal and not as '
              'well- focused. Additionally, in the six years of so between '
              'these two films, Wang has become both a better '
              "cinemaphotographer and more aware of the viewer's "
              'needs.--Dennis Littrell, author of "The World Is Not as We '
              'Think It Is"',
 'tt1980198': 'group of young men and women are traveling to an abandoned '
              'island to take part in a reality survival game run by TV '
              'channel Search Plane.Something beneath the sea attacks the '
              'boat, sinking it and the participants washed adrift safely onto '
              "the isle. Only to discover the island's hideous past and that "
              "they're not alone. Someone or something is shadowing the "
              'group.This poor excuse of a movie was incredibly a respectable '
              'success box-office wise in mainland China. Unintentionally '
              'funny with cliché-ridden script (if you can call it that), '
              'amateurish acting and laughable CGI.The makers pepper the '
              'so-called horror with gorgeous Chinese models and singers. The '
              'least they could have done to alleviate the deadly bore fest is '
              'to get the babes properly naked. Even the gore is '
              'non-existent.Avoid this one at all costs.',
 'tt1981080': 'This is an exploration into the tropes of Gung Fu movies. Every '
              'single line, every move, is taking apart kung fu cinema. I have '
              'waited for a parody like this for years, and I mean all the way '
              "from Rudy Ray Moore's Shaolin Dolemite to Kung Pow: Enter the "
              'Fist. They all missed the point. This is a Tarantino film '
              'without Tarantino beating you to death with it. A movie for '
              'true kung fu fans only. It is barely accessible to outside '
              'audiences, which I think explains the negative reviews.How does '
              'the master know how to do that? EXACTLY! Why does he gain '
              'skills for no reason? EXACTLY. It is dissecting the clichés and '
              "also telling a story. Plus, Shu Qi is in it, and that's always "
              'a plus.',
 'tt1985176': 'Great film! I just cant believe that so much Chinese women got '
              'jealous and make spam low score against this film--just because '
              'the chic French actress? An artistic film! You may not '
              'understand it well if you do not have Chinese and French '
              'Cultural background. The beautiful actress! And be open-minded '
              'svp, so that you may understand the interesting part of the '
              'film! a nice and humorous description for the word '
              'perfectionniste! The scene is such natural beauty that I enjoy '
              'the relaxed atmosphere a lot! A great film showing the movement '
              'of the Chinese movie! Though China still need to learn from '
              'France for the art film. This is not a movie -- it is a '
              'film!!!! China recently produced many movies which are not such '
              'artistic. But this one shows some art film perspectives of '
              'Chinese people. The film contains mainly the modern elements '
              'but still it is kind of art film. That is because it tells the '
              'story via way artistique!',
 'tt1997607': 'It was disappointing that Hong Tai Lung was Absurdly Pregnant '
              "with Fireworks & Hui Tai Lung being such a Wimpy Crybaby (It's "
              'almost like Hong Tai Lung in The 1st Pleasant Goat Movie.).But '
              'on The Bright side, I like the part where Xiao Hui Hui and Hong '
              'Tai Lung fall down like crazy when Hui Tai Lung was trying to '
              "catch them & some much more. ROFL!!!Anyway, It's basically "
              'about The plot follows the goats, who are go to the moon in a '
              'spaceship shaped like candy in order to assist the Queen of the '
              'Moon. The Bitter Gourd King and his gourd troopers are '
              'attacking the World of Sweetness with bitter juice, and the '
              'Queen needs the help of the goats. Wolfie and his family come '
              'with the goats on accident. At one point the Gourd King kidnaps '
              "Wolfie's family, and Weslie comes to tears upon seeing his "
              'parents.Also, If you like Disney movies, This Pleasant Goat '
              'movie is for you.',
 'tt2004211': 'Right, well I am usually one that is all over Hong Kong movies, '
              'so it was no surprise that I jumped at the chance to watch "Qin '
              'Mi Di Ren" (aka "Dear Enemy") as well, when I was given the '
              "chance.Oh boy, this movie was horrible. I don't know what to "
              'categorize the movie as, romantic comedy is what comes closest '
              'to it, I suppose. But "Qin Mi Di Ren" failed horribly at being '
              'this. It was such a slow paced and utterly devoid of any kind '
              'of appeal or things to make it interesting.The acting '
              'performances in the movie were adequate, but the actors and '
              'actresses were fighting and losing an uphill battle with an '
              'atrocious storyline that was lacking everything.Of course, not '
              'every single movie that comes from the Hong Kong cinema will be '
              'good, but this movie was just beyond the scope of even being '
              "mediocre. I didn't even finish the movie. I managed to endure "
              'about 1 hour of the movie, in the dwindling hope that it would '
              "become better. It didn't, however... So I turned it off, "
              'feeling horribly bored and found no entertainment value in "Qin '
              'Mi Di Ren" at all. This is not a movie that I will be returning '
              'to watch again.If you, like me, enjoy the Hong Kong cinema, '
              'then stay well clear of "Qin Mi Di Ren", because it is just not '
              'worth it.',
 'tt2017561': 'The funniest man in the cinematic world (Stephen Chow Sing Chi) '
              'stays behind the camera (unfortunately) as writer and director '
              'for this epic and hilarious retread of his amazing films; A '
              'Chinese Odyssey 1 & 2.That said, and as a fan of Zhang Wen '
              '(which has grown more so after seeing this), the film is a '
              'solid Chi film that is worthy of a place in any fans '
              "collection!With dark humour akin to that of 'From Beijing With "
              "Love' and others, the comedy elements are fast and clever, "
              'matched by the tense moments of horror that sometimes even left '
              'me (a fan of HK cinema for over 30 years), with my mouth '
              'open.But it was awesome!!Journey To The West: Conquering The '
              'Demons is a hit. Its also great to see Shu Qi in an ass kicking '
              'hilarious role which I think suits her much better than the '
              'serious dramas. Lets hope there will be a few sequels spawning '
              'from this, and all being well, a return in front of the camera '
              'for the incredible Chow Sing Chi!!',
 'tt2042432': 'It is not untrue to say this film is about rape, murder and '
              'betrayal. But this could lead to the wrong conclusion. Eleven '
              'flowers is a very subdued, subtle movie in which no violence is '
              'shown at all. As in many Chinese films, not much is shown, but '
              'a great deal is implied. The story is about 11-year old Wang '
              'Han, who accidentally encounters a murderer who has taken '
              'revenge for the rape of his 16-year old sister, a girl the boy '
              'secretly fancies. The murder is the talk of the town in the '
              'rural community, and leads to some unexpected developments. But '
              'the murder story is only a vehicle for the director. He uses it '
              'to tell two other stories: the friendship between Wang Han and '
              'his school buddies, and the impact of the cultural revolution '
              'on the daily life of the ordinary Chinese in 1975. The cultural '
              'revolution, a euphemism for the ruthless oppression by Mao '
              'Zedong, is the backdrop for the story. Already in one of the '
              'first scenes it becomes clear what the director wants to tell '
              "us. 'Why don't you work in the factory, like mother', the boy "
              'asks his father who leaves for work on Monday, only to return '
              "on Friday. 'Because we are not allowed to choose our own "
              "occupation', he tells his son. 'That's why I want you to become "
              "a painter. That way, you can really be free'. One of the most "
              'dramatic scenes is the boy witnessing his father coming home, '
              'bleeding from his head. Against his will, the father got '
              'involved in a fight between the Red Guards en the '
              'conservatives, because he wanted to help an old man whose leg '
              'was broken by the Red Guards. It shows how devoid of any '
              'morality this regime was. But there are also many light-hearted '
              "scenes in the film. One of the funnier ones is the boy's mother "
              "showing his stained underwear to his father. 'He is early, just "
              "like I was', says his father cheerfully, pinching his wife's "
              "bottom. It is interesting to compare this film to 'Under the "
              "hawthorn tree', the recent film by Zhang Yimou which explores "
              'the same theme of everyday life against the backdrop of the '
              'cultural revolution. The difference is that Zhang made a love '
              'story and Wang a coming-of-age story. But the attention to '
              'small detail, the subdued way of storytelling and the focus on '
              "everyday life are quite similar. I liked Zhang's film better "
              "than Wang's, because the latter is sometimes a bit slow. At the "
              'moment of writing, this film has been rated by 149 IMDb-users, '
              'which is an extremely low figure. Apparently, the film has only '
              'been released in France (which co-produced), the Netherlands '
              'and Belgium. It deserves a larger audience.',
 'tt2043878': 'I can see why this movie seems strange to lots of people but if '
              'you have somewhat experienced the bitterness of life in small '
              'Chinese villages back in early 2000s this movies is amazing. '
              'This movie reveals the sad but intriguing conflicts that '
              'happened between man and man, man and woman, nature and '
              'society, modern civilization and restraining tradition, dream '
              'and reality. The story itself is not nearly as dramatic as the '
              'ones produced in Hollywood. Nevertheless it presented glimpses '
              'of desperate living hell that to some degree we all are stuck '
              'in.',
 'tt2044077': "This is not your typical martial arts movie, so if you're "
              'looking for that you will likely be disappointed.This is a tale '
              'of tradition vs innovation. The directing style is also '
              'creative, reminding at times a theatre play, and injecting at '
              'other times paradoxical comedy. Some of the fights are '
              'intuited, not shown, in others most of what you see is the '
              "blade or the feet. It's worth it. It's also an incredible "
              'insight into the master\'s POV.KungFuCinema states "The film is '
              'beautifully shot, with a Zen-like spareness to the '
              'compositions" - and they\'re right! check out the review, it\'s '
              'worth reading.I wrote this review - the first time I ever did '
              'so - to compensate for the negs here, in my mind they just '
              "didn't get it. Yes at times it is slow-moving, yes if you are "
              "looking for action you'll have to work your way through it, but "
              "if you choose to watch it it's definitely rewarding.",
 'tt2047732': 'STORM RIDER: CLASH OF EVILS (2008) is an epic animated feature '
              'co-produced by Hong Kong and China and is, I believe, the first '
              "animated adventure I've seen that was based on a Hong Kong "
              "comic book. It's quite a spectacular swordplay fantasy, with "
              'intricately choreographed fight action and expertly detailed '
              'backgrounds that evoke an ancient and mythic China. It has a '
              'strong storyline and a host of interesting characters and never '
              'flags during its 99-minute running time. It was directed by '
              "Hong Kong director Dante Lam, who's known for such live-action "
              'thrillers as BEAST COPS, JIANG HU: THE TRIAD ZONE, and THE '
              "TWINS EFFECT. Why this film isn't better-known is a mystery to "
              'me. IMDb lists release dates in Hong Kong, Taiwan and China, '
              'but I have found no information on how it was received '
              'critically or how well it did at the box office. As far as I '
              'know, it never got any release outside of those regions. I '
              'found my import DVD copy in a Chinatown video store in New '
              'York.The film is based on "Storm Riders," a comic book by Wing '
              'Shing Ma that has been published in English by a company called '
              'Comics One. The comic was previously adapted as a live-action '
              'film called THE STORM RIDERS (1998), which starred Ekin Cheng, '
              'Aaron Kwok and Sonny Chiba. The animated film is something of a '
              'sequel in that it follows the two main characters, Wind and '
              'Cloud, after the events of the earlier film.The animated story '
              'is a little on the convoluted side, but once you get all the '
              "characters straight by the half-hour mark, it's simply a matter "
              'of following what happens to Wind and Cloud. In the earlier '
              'film, they had been seen as martial arts students under the '
              'tutelage of Lord Conquer, a villain who had killed their '
              'parents and taken them as pupils to fulfill a prophecy laid out '
              'by a character called Mud Buddha. In that film they nurtured '
              'their plans for revenge and carried them out at the end of the '
              "film in a sequence that's recreated in an entirely new fashion "
              'at the beginning of this film. In the newer film, the two '
              'heroes acquire the power of the sacred Flame Kylin Sword, but '
              "it comes with a price. Wind gets the lion's share of the power "
              'but runs the risk of being possessed by it to the point where '
              'he might lose control and become a murderous all-powerful '
              'monster. Cloud has been ordered to kill Wind if this were to '
              'happen. After the events of the opening sequence, the two '
              'heroes are separated for a long stretch, during which Cloud is '
              'afflicted with amnesia and aligns himself with a band of street '
              'urchins, acting as their mentor and protector and earning the '
              'affection of Ying, the oldest girl in the group. Wind joins a '
              'group in another village and begins a relationship with a woman '
              'named Mong. Both protagonists wind up in the same town and on '
              'the same side in a battle with a marauding gang before they are '
              'eventually reunited.There are three major action setpieces. '
              'After the opening flurry of fight scenes involving the '
              'confrontation between Lord Conquer and his two vengeful '
              'students, there is a welcome lull in the action in order to '
              "deal with Cloud's sudden amnesia, introduce new characters, and "
              'build up to the two sprawling battle sequences later in the '
              'film. At around the 50-minute mark, the Bat Gang, a group of '
              'vicious bandits, attacks the main town and their leaders are '
              'confronted, on separate fronts, by Wind and Cloud, who are both '
              "still unaware of each other's presence nearby. Later, after "
              'Wind and Cloud reunite, the two must confront Ao Jue and '
              'Duan-Lang, two young martial arts masters who covet the Flame '
              'Kylin Sword and its power. It all leads to a knockdown, '
              'drag-out fight in a massive clifftop castle which results in '
              'Wind losing control, thanks to the power of the Kylin Sword, '
              'compelling Cloud to recognize his duty to stop him.The '
              'characters drive the story here and incidents occur based on '
              "what a particular character would or wouldn't do. As a result, "
              'the viewer becomes more engaged and emotionally connected to '
              'the action. It helps that the characters spend significant '
              'downtime with their friends and allies and get a chance to '
              'relate normally to other people. This is most evident in scenes '
              'where Cloud interacts with his young charges, the street '
              "urchins, after he's rescued them from the bumbling town "
              'constables. After the two protagonists are reunited, Wind '
              'watches as Cloud plays happily with the children. He turns to '
              'Mong and makes the memorable observation, "I never would have '
              'imagined his happiest times would come when his past is '
              'forgotten. When you leave the anger and stubbornness behind, '
              'life changes entirely." This leads to a romantic interlude '
              "between Wind and Mong that's remarkably touching and something "
              "quite rare in this genre.There's a beautiful music score by "
              'Henry Lai Wan Man that perfectly matches the breathtaking '
              'artwork, particularly in scenes of sprawling landscapes of '
              'farms, villages, fields, mountains and waterfalls. The fights '
              'are staged by an actual action choreographer, Wong Wai Fai, '
              "whose credits include Dante Lam's JIANG HU: THE TRIAD ZONE. The "
              'swordplay is mildly bloody at times, but the gorier parts are '
              'all kept offscreen. The DVD comes with both Cantonese and '
              'Mandarin language soundtracks, with English subtitles. I prefer '
              'the Cantonese track because the sound quality is better and the '
              'caliber of the voice acting much higher.STORM WARRIORS II '
              '(2009) is a live-action sequel to the 1998 film, bringing back '
              'Ekin Cheng and Aaron Kwok in the roles of Wind and Cloud, but '
              'it has points in common with the animated film, including the '
              "threat of Wind going out of control. It's much darker and more "
              'claustrophobic than the earlier films and relies much too '
              'heavily on computer effects and CGI-created backgrounds. I '
              'prefer the animated film.',
 'tt2058673': "A Gen Z update to Kathryn Bigelow's 1991 cult classic, this "
              'remake is essentially an episode of Fast and Furious in which '
              'the vehicular exploits have been replaced with an assortment of '
              'extreme sports sequences. Constructed with an alarming amount '
              'of real footage and physical stunt work, the numerous action '
              'set pieces are rather impressive; a high octane wing-suit '
              'gliding scene and the tension-building rock climbing finale '
              'topping the list. Yet the impact of these daredevil stunts is '
              'wasted on a film that fails on almost every other level. '
              "Stemming from Kurt Wimmer's truly awful screenplay, every "
              'second not spent traversing a mountainside, soaring through the '
              'air or surfing a mammoth wave is cringe worthy and/or yawn '
              "inducing. Wimmer's dialogue attempts to be philosophical and "
              'Zen-like, but with clichéd stinkers like "the only law is '
              'gravity" and "everyone dies, it\'s just a matter of how", it\'s '
              'nothing short of unintentionally hilarious. Replacing the '
              'eternally cool Patrick Swayze was always going to be tough, '
              'however Edgar Ramirez does a solid job as charismatic '
              "eco-warrior Bohdi. The same can't be said for "
              'low-budget-Chris-Hemsworth hunk Luke Bracey though, who is so '
              'wooden as Johnny Utah he makes Keanu Reeves look like Daniel '
              'Day Lewis. This modern update boasts a handful of genuinely '
              "fantastic action sequences, yet they're not enough to warrant a "
              'recommendation in what is otherwise a limp and incoherent '
              'thriller.',
 'tt2061621': 'Chinese modern romantic drama have been given a real focus in '
              '2011 by the usually conservative mainland filmmakers. Cool '
              'Young is another example of effective storytelling about love, '
              'relationships and fun. It is a kind of film that one would '
              'grown to expect from Taiwanese cinema, but this is a good one. '
              'In fact, the story is quite simple, yet the director smartly '
              'plays with time and goes back and forward with great effect. '
              'For these kind of movies to work, there must be a beautiful '
              'actress at work and in Ziwen Wang, she is simply amazing to '
              'watch. I still remember the cleverly depicted scene when she '
              'walks out the hospital, her sad eyes told it all. The director '
              'is clever in the way he structured the film, allowing the '
              "audience to see what's happening through some subtle interplay "
              'and playfulness in the editing room. Not to mention, Cool Young '
              'is really at its core a film that has nothing much to say, but '
              'still it manages to engage, the characters however unreal, '
              'seems real and the chemistry between the two leads manage to '
              'pull off a coup. All in all, Cool Young is certainly not a film '
              'that breaks any new grounds, but rather it is another step in '
              "the right direction for movie making in China. Now that's "
              'enough hope for today\x85'
              'Neo rates it 6.5/10.www.thehkneo.com',
 'tt2062596': 'It took a long while for establishing scenes to find their '
              'footing and to do proper introductions, before you come to a '
              'compromise that the characters are in some form of perfect '
              'landscape ruled by an iron fist, where they are not allowed to '
              'love or reproduced, mentioned in passing that they drink from '
              'some magical fountain to impregnate themselves, and to accept '
              'the fact that they are fairies, not ghosts. Then the film '
              'develops into the usual ruler-is-evil flick with a rescue '
              'mission in tow when Xiaolian decides to probe around paradise '
              'to find the woman he put into trouble, and rescue her. This '
              'leads to more special effects opportunities involving giant '
              'turtles, flying beasts and such, while also allowing plenty of '
              'wire kung fu to happen during battles, where most of the best '
              'parts are already contained in the trailer.Gordon Chan and his '
              'team of storytellers seemed to have lost it during the opening '
              'and first act, then stumbled around and finally found their '
              'ground with the narrative, only to lose it all with the final '
              "few scenes that couldn't decide how best to seek closure, even "
              'ending with a coda that added to the ridiculousness. Chan '
              'allowed the film to go all over the place, which accounted for '
              'its run time of over two hours, with plenty of wasteful scenes '
              'that could have been excised, or focus could have been put on '
              'its key characters. Instead you emerge with a feeling that some '
              'shots were in just to show off the special effects. Even Mark '
              "Lee Ping Bin's cinematography cannot save the day since the "
              'story gave way toward the end, which was a pity because it had '
              'found a gem to latch onto with regards to the more '
              "philosophical approach which was somewhat like The Wachowski's "
              'Matrix films involving the Architect and the Oracle being '
              'involved in some kind of grand plan and bet, but Mural failed '
              'to capitalize on that.Instead we get constantly reminded on the '
              'types of men that exist in this world with regards to romance, '
              'like an instructional booklet for women anywhere – there are '
              'some who are promiscuous as seen as the Longtan character, '
              'those who are the one woman type in Xiaolian, and those who are '
              "subservient, you know, in today's context the ones carrying "
              'their girlfriends handbags around. The three male characters '
              'here predictably falls into each of the characters above just '
              'so we know which are the kinds of guys we should aspire to be '
              'like, or from the opposite sex, which of the three are their '
              "flavour of the day. Andy On's presence only adds some much "
              'needed muscle for battles in its limited action scenes, since '
              'only him and Collin Chou are the bona fide action stars '
              'dutifully wasted in the film, whose true focus is on '
              'relationships that could have been done without the swords and '
              'sorcery. The actresses in the film, collectively, are some of '
              'the best flower vases in Chinese cinema, looking jaw- dropping '
              'and stunningly incredible in their costumes, and their call to '
              'order was how they each could act cool, coy, cute or shed tears '
              'on a whim.Eventually Mural is that roller coaster ride you have '
              'been warned about, with highs when the narrative gets to what '
              'it wants to say, and lows when it suddenly decides to tangent '
              'off into something qutie implausible or ridiculous, fantasy '
              "film limits notwithstanding. And at the end there's no "
              'exhilaration when you step off, only that feeling of dread and '
              'a pitiful loss of potential when it had so much bubbling '
              "underneath in what it wanted to say, but couldn't decide on a "
              'climax, and further tanked itself with its coda. Like a lover '
              'who desperately wants your attention and does everything he/she '
              'can for that, only to be resoundingly rejected for trying too '
              "hard. I won't go as far as to say this is one of the worst this "
              'year, but it just barely stayed above that mark.',
 'tt2062659': '"The Sun Beaten Path" is set in Tibet, but not the mythical, '
              'mountainous, Lama-infested Tibet of legend. This road movie '
              'unfolds on the endless highways and tracks snaking through the '
              'eerily flat and barren Tibetan steppes, where you can see '
              'nothingness stretch away to the Himalayas. Walking those lonely '
              'roads is Nyma (the ethereally handsome Yeshe Lhadruk), a '
              'near-silent, weather-battered wanderer who has exiled himself '
              'from his rural home for reasons revealed in flashbacks deftly '
              'inter-cut with his expiatory travels. He runs into a garrulous '
              'old man (Lo Kyi), who does his damnedest to look after the '
              'frequently unresponsive Nyma as they wander up and down the '
              'highways, all-the-while providing an earthy contrast to our '
              "protagonist. By the end, Nyma's self-abnegation is resolved in "
              'a beautifully understated pair of images."The Sun Beaten Path" '
              'requires a contemplative viewer willing to adjust his viewing '
              'pace, but its style is free of rote, art-house clichés. '
              'Director/writer Sonthar Gyal works some slyly subtle humor from '
              'the desolation of the landscape and how small even a big-rig '
              'can seem on these roads. In this terrain, all human affairs are '
              "seen in perspective. Gyal's command of space not only extends "
              'laterally, but also forward into the frame, following '
              'characters on their sometimes straightforward, sometimes '
              "tortuous outer journeys. This is Gyal's first feature film, and "
              'he has a very promising future."The Sun Beaten Path" won the '
              'Dragons & Tigers award at the 2011 Vancouver International Film '
              'Festival and is very much worth your time. It is a rare example '
              'of a film that is bleak without being depressing.',
 'tt2063013': "Not content to be left out of the 'Three Kingdoms' after "
              "falling out from what became the phenomenal success of 'Red "
              "Cliff', Chow Yun-Fat returns to the era to play Cao Cao. Often "
              'cast too simplistically in most adaptations as the power-hungry '
              'villain whom noble strategists Zhou Yu and Zhuge Liang as well '
              'as nobler warriors Lu Bei and Guan Yu plot to overthrow, '
              "co-screenwriter/ director Zhao Lin Shan's 'The Assassins' "
              'thankfully does not resort to the same narrative '
              'conventions.Instead, Zhao paints a much more intricate portrait '
              'of the astute warlord in telling a very specific story of his '
              'planned assassination by various factions on a night when the '
              'four elemental stars align. That phenomenon signals, according '
              'to an ancient prophecy, the dawn of a new dynasty, and Cao '
              "Cao's enemies have seized upon that sign to coordinate an "
              'attack on him within the imposing structure of his known as the '
              "'Bronze Sparrow Tower'. The titular tower of the movie's "
              'Chinese name, that lofty structure is despised by his enemies '
              'as a symbol of his ego as well as his thirst for power.And to '
              'the reigning Emperor Xian (Alec Su), it is also a frustrating '
              "reminder of how his minister Cao Cao's authority has grown, "
              'relegating his monarchy even more ineffectual as the latter '
              'grows increasingly popular amongst the people. Xian will be one '
              'of those who take advantage of that purported opportune time to '
              'hatch a plot to kill Cao Cao, even though Cao Cao snatches the '
              'element of surprise from him by inviting him to a hunting game '
              'on that very day.A popular Chinese saying goes something like '
              "this – 'a wary heart is critical', and Cao Cao's wariness is "
              'all the more heightened following an earlier assassination plot '
              'by the empress (Annie Yi) and her father, a powerful Han '
              'official named Fu Wan (Ni Dahong) – of which his very son, Cao '
              'Pi (Terry Chiu) was even complicit to. Yet perhaps the most '
              "eminent danger to Cao Cao's life is Lingju (Liu Yifei), whom "
              'Cao Cao takes in as his lover. Not only were her parents slain '
              'by Cao Cao when she was young, the fair beauty was also '
              'subsequently trained under imprisonment with but one mission to '
              'kill Cao Cao.Besides bringing out the softer aspects of Cao Cao '
              'during their private interactions together, Lingju also serves '
              'as the narrator of the movie, adding the element of a tragic '
              'love story in the midst of the palace intrigue. Her only wish '
              'is to run away with Mu Shun (Tamaki Hiroshi), a fellow assassin '
              "like her who has infiltrated Cao Cao's army – though you can "
              'pretty much guess how their fates will end up. Instead of '
              'distracting from the main plot, their romance lends a '
              'surprisingly human touch, illustrating with poignancy the price '
              'of vengeance on something as pure and beautiful as love '
              'itself.Zhao exhibits the same flair throughout the film, and '
              'even though a plethora of supporting characters are at play, '
              'their motivations for plotting against Cao Cao never left '
              'ambiguous. Particularly well played out is the very first '
              'elaborate assassination depicted in the film – of which Fu Wan '
              'is mastermind – both in how Cao Cao confronts the perpetrators '
              'in front of Emperor Xian as well as how he subsequently deals '
              'with the betrayal by his very own flesh and blood, Cao Pi. Bear '
              'with the slow pacing at the start as Zhao develops the '
              "intertwining plot threads, and you'll appreciate the genius in "
              "Zhao's plotting later on. For a first-time filmmaker too, Zhao "
              'is a master at tension and suspense, keeping his audience at '
              "the edge of their seats as Cao Cao's life hangs in the "
              "balance.The same can be said of Chow Yun Fat's peerless "
              'performance. This is without a doubt his best in recent memory, '
              'surpassing that in which he played Confucius if we might add, '
              'with the veteran clearly relishing one of his meatiest roles of '
              'late. Yes, Chow clearly understands the demands and '
              'complexities of his character, conveying conviction, intellect '
              'and even empathy at different points. This is Cao Cao in his '
              'twilight years, who remains firmly a believer in his mission of '
              'unification but who has come to recognise the bloodshed and '
              'strife it has brought, and is therefore no longer the tyrant he '
              'may have been in his younger days. Chow is sheer magnetism in '
              'the role, and it is, we dare say, one of the best performances '
              'we have seen this year.Next to Chow, the other actors '
              'unfortunately pale in comparison. Worthy of mention however is '
              'Liu Yifei, who in the span of a few years, has come to hold her '
              'own nicely as an actress worth her weight. The role calls for '
              'her to be the symbol of humanity, and she registers a tender '
              'and heartfelt performance as her character grows to understand '
              'and even respect Cao Cao more over the course of the film. '
              "Evocative too are Yee Chung Man's costume and production "
              "design, as well as Shigeru Umebayashi's score, combining to "
              "accentuate the film's alternately tense and tragic mood.Indeed, "
              'at a time when every new period war epic tries to outdo the '
              'last with grander spectacle, Zhao should be applauded for '
              'adopting essentially a character-driven approach to the '
              'material. There is depth and deftness to the storytelling, '
              "especially how he slowly reverses his audience's preconceptions "
              'of Cao Cao and casts the oft-misunderstood character in an '
              "entirely different light. But of course, the movie wouldn't be "
              "what it is were it not for Chow Yun-Fat's commanding "
              'performance, which even without grand battle sequences turns '
              'this period thriller into an epic in its own right.',
 'tt2071441': "I'm actually Korean but write this opinion without my "
              'nationality. I watched this impressive movie and even though my '
              "English isn't good enough trying to comment about this because "
              "this movie rated so low. Do not believe the rate. I don't know "
              'why this movie rated so low. Actor and actresses plays really '
              'well and story also really good. Watch this movie first and '
              "then feel this sad movie, Ziyi Zhang's act was so amazing. And "
              "she is so beautiful in the movie. Dong-gun Jang's act also "
              "really good except that he plays as playboy(花花公子) :( It's "
              'Chinese movie but directed by Korean. The collaboration seems '
              'really good. I hope this kind of movie comes out more and more.',
 'tt2071628': 'Cool Ninja Movie but in the WWII time-line and beautiful '
              "location.The story: During Japan's invasion of China in 1937, a "
              'masked avenger systematically murders Japanese soldiers after '
              'horrible atrocities are committed against her family. A group '
              'of Chinese resistance members are gathering to rescue their '
              'leader from a Japanese prison camp.What I love about this ninja '
              "film is it mix With WWII settings, and yet it doesn't take away "
              'any serious tune, as a matter of fact the history and the '
              'situation and the war crime that was committed during the '
              'Japanese occupation of China 1937 is shown here too, but '
              'instead of playing the part of the regular war Movies, it is '
              'played with a Classic ninja Movie style.In other words, this '
              'movie should not be judged as a war film but as an '
              'action/adventure film.Also I love the Chinese location they '
              'shot the film, from Beautiful landscape of the ocean and '
              "countryside to the big Palace own by the Japanese General.It's "
              'not exactly a war Movie for those who are fans of that kind of '
              'genre but should be able to find something worth of history.And '
              'for all ninja fans out there should be entertained of the story '
              'and the martial art.',
 'tt2072257': "I'm amazed that there are no reviews for this movie. The lead "
              "has some of the best acting I've seen, and although the subject "
              'matter is harrowing, it keeps you guessing most of the way '
              'through the movie.',
 'tt2075232': 'How to describe the sensation of being at altitude, five '
              'kilometres up in the air, and seeing 8,000 metre mountains and '
              '3,000 metre ravines? How to convey the idea of being able to '
              'see hundreds of kilometres through thin air and the seemingly '
              'warped perspectives, rather like an Escher staircase, of '
              "rumbled hills and ravines? I can't. I have traveled the route "
              'of this film and it tries, but I think fails through not '
              'accepting that the Himalaya is the story; not some '
              'self-possessed young bloke with bratish behaviour. I recommend '
              "this for the scenery - mountain and valley views you won't see "
              'anywhere else. But the story left me feeling annoyed.',
 'tt2080418': 'Yang Gui Fei was a consort who lived in a perilous time. Her '
              'beauty made her into a pivotal role in savage political '
              "struggle of ancient Chinese monarchy, but audience won't find "
              'any of those here. Lady of the Dynasty is a dull spectacle that '
              "waddles for two hours with silly low production drama. It's "
              'equivalent to brooding teen wallowing and no amount of cosmetic '
              'can save it from ruin.The story is mostly told from perspective '
              'of Byzantine ambassador. This setting already proves to be '
              'problematic early on since the ambassador pops up in extremely '
              'convenient scenes, even having impossible information on the '
              "royalties' sexual activities. He delivers some musing every "
              "five minutes, but what's supposed to be inspirational ends up "
              'being ridiculously cheesy.The rest is a less than tactical '
              "maneuvering between the characters. There's debauchery and "
              'betrayal theme, but they are presented so feebly between '
              'exhausting long scenes. Some conversations can take incredibly '
              'long time and all they do are displaying juvenile emotions. It '
              'even repeats several scenes needlessly, sadly these forced '
              'dramatic moments only add boredom to the already tiresome '
              'experience.It has a couple of decent costumes and settings, '
              'although the colorful CG might look awkward at times. The lead '
              'Fan Bingbing is definitely attractive, but the movie relies too '
              'much on her and the lack of meaningful narrative actually '
              'drains her charm. Not to mention when it tries to be dramatic '
              'the moaning opera soundtracks becomes severely annoying.Forget '
              'historical accuracy or epic tale, with the abysmal drama Lady '
              "of the Dynasty is far from exotic and tragic legend, it's "
              'merely a pretentious excuse for cheap romance.',
 'tt2089720': "The story of Tibetan filmmaker Pema Tseden's new film, Old Dog, "
              'revolves around a nomad family and their aging mastiff, a slow '
              'and deliberately moving animal that, despite being '
              'distinguished mostly by its heavily matted coat and light '
              'panting, is emotionally and economically indispensable to its '
              'owner. In many ways, the film itself is much the same: '
              'minimalist in its aesthetics and soundtrack, quiet and '
              'deliberate in its plot, but nonetheless familiar, endearing, '
              'and a vital addition to the small but growing Tibetan cinema. '
              "Old Dog's eponymous canine is owned by an elderly Tibetan "
              'shepherd, Akhu (Lochey). Knowing that nomad mastiffs are prized '
              'by Chinese buyers and often stolen to be sold on the black '
              "market, Akhu's ne'er-do-well son, Gonpo (Drolma Kyab), an "
              "alcoholic who's married, but, to his father's dismay, has yet "
              'to produce offspring, attempts to sell the dog to the highest '
              'bidder in the nearby township. Akhu insists on retrieving his '
              'companion, and once the old dog is back in his possession, he '
              'fends off multiple offers to purchase the dog —and attempts to '
              'steal it—by unscrupulous neighbors and former friends. The '
              "film's languid pace is a means of lulling the viewer into a "
              'pattern of watching time slip by in the same way the characters '
              'do. The camera often rests on a single shot for extended '
              'periods while animals wander in and out of view, and when the '
              'narrative is actually punctuated by sudden calamitous events '
              '(Gonpo arriving home drunk or the dog being stolen from the '
              'house), they often occur in the pitch black of nighttime on the '
              "Tibetan countryside, rendered abstract and dreamlike. It's in "
              'these structural choices that Tseden reveals a debt to European '
              "cinema; the film's setup, as well as its pacing, "
              'cinematography, and its eschewing of a traditional build-up of '
              'dramatic plot points, echoes Bicycle Thieves and the cinema of '
              'Tarkovsky and the Dardennes. Instead of a typical three-act '
              'structure, Old Dog relies on the increasing burden of its '
              'narrative metaphors to steer its story toward a conclusion. The '
              'film becomes a portrait of the loss of Tibetan culture, as Akhu '
              'stakes his life on protecting his prize working dog from '
              'becoming merely a plaything for wealthy Han Chinese. '
              "Furthermore, Tibet's own inability to carry on its culture is "
              "harshly symbolized by Gonpo's infertility and the local thieves "
              'who collude with the Chinese dog buyers in hopes of making a '
              'quick yuan. But if the metaphors seem obvious, their precise '
              'and thoughtful execution amplifies their emotional resonance. '
              'Tseden and cinematographer Sonthar Gyal are masters of '
              'restraint, filling the film with beautifully simple medium and '
              'long shots and a flat, entirely diegetic soundtrack. When the '
              'film eventually cuts to a close-up or a POV shot in moments of '
              "heightened intensity (Gonpo's sideways glance at playing "
              "children or Akhu's strained demeanor in the film's concluding "
              'moments), these images carry an impossible emotional weight '
              "that drives the tragedy of Tibet's loss of selfhood home like a "
              'kick in the gut.',
 'tt2095832': 'the movie is actually one of my favorite, I liked it so much! I '
              "don't know why but I think it has a really awesome story and a "
              "really good acting and I liked the characters, I don't know why "
              'people are giving it bad reviews....there is nothing bad about '
              "it, its good thing I didn't read any reviews because sometimes "
              'it might stop me from watching the movie and deciding by myself '
              'so I suggest that you have to watch the movie to judge by '
              'yourself.........all the actors are beautiful and talented and '
              'the concept was written in such beautiful way...............its '
              'about twins with opposite personality and values, and making '
              'choices that affects life and love and happiness.',
 'tt2102472': "Here's a swordplay film that takes its time developing its "
              'story and characters. "White Vengeance" is an elaborate, '
              'sumptuous, and often lavish epic film, ambitiously crafted by '
              'Daniel Lee ("Black Mask"). In the heart of the frantic battle '
              'sequences lies a thriller that thrills by its characters '
              'planning and trying to outwit, manipulate, and defeat one '
              'another.Leon Lai and Feng Shao-Feng portray the two scheming '
              'leads, in an absorbing character study of the two. I was at a '
              'loss as to who was actually tyrannical or valiant. While both '
              'actors are good in their roles, Lai dominates the show with his '
              'subtle and effective performance, showing calm and reserve even '
              'at dangerous times. Zhang Hanyu and veteran Anthony Wong '
              'portray advisers to the two leads, with Hanyu showing a sombre '
              'aura despite looking wise; Wong borders on over-acting during '
              'the Banquet scene but improves greatly in his scenes after '
              'that.From the mysterious opening to its melancholic ending, its '
              'characters that are full of wit and brains, this film never '
              'lets up on the complexity of the plot. I love films which take '
              'their time developing their key characters (bonus points if '
              'said characters are elaborate schemers) so I was pleasantly '
              'surprised that this film had done so, in a length of just under '
              'two and a half hours. Slow-paced? Maybe. Boring? Absolutely '
              'not. It is the characterization and elaborate scheming that '
              'makes it so exciting to watch; as time progresses the '
              "characters' motives become more and more entangled, and morals "
              'are questioned during the melancholic final 30 minutes of the '
              'movie, which elevate this epic film from good to near-great. '
              'Readers of Sun Tzu\'s "The Art of War" may want to give this '
              'one a watch, here is a film which blends strategy with motive '
              'very effectively, to an extent where those traits are '
              'blurred.However, like many swordplay films before, this one '
              'features the usual - elaborate and colorful costumes and '
              'production design, crisp cinematography, and an atmospheric '
              'music score to bring it home. "White Vengeance" somewhat strays '
              "from the music score part; it doesn't sound like the typical "
              'Chinese swordplay film, it sounds much more haunting than '
              'melodramatic. The cinematography, however is superb and will '
              'remind film buffs of similar shots in previous English epic '
              'films such as "Braveheart" or "The Lord of the Rings".For all '
              'the stuff it got right, I am willing pass over the fact that '
              'some of the CG effects look awful and unnecessary, and that '
              'some of the stunts (including the battle at the Banquet) are '
              'too elaborate for its kind (but not reaching Yuen Woo-Ping '
              'levels).All is well with the Chinese swordplay film. Lee has '
              "proudly claimed this film as the best movie he's made in his "
              "career. Not having seen all of his other films, I can't say, "
              'but he certainly has made a very good one.Overall rating: '
              '78/100',
 'tt2102502': 'By happy accident I was able to watch My Lucky Star. It was '
              "cute, quirky and delightful to watch. I'm not one to normally "
              'watch subtitled work so the fact that I enjoyed this so much is '
              "evidence to it's greatness.But don't misunderstand me, it's "
              'greatness comes from how quirky and yet terrible it is. Like '
              'old school spy movies, the main character reminds me heavily of '
              'the traditional professional man, but mix in Sophie and it gets '
              'zany! I think she really pulls you into the movie as you see '
              'her dreams come true (although in a more realistic(ish) kind of '
              'way).This movie deserves the credit for pinning down romantic, '
              'realistic, comedic, sassy and hopeful. In my opinion it is the '
              'perfect cheesy rom-com spy movie.Might just depend on if you '
              'can understand why the main man character is so "wooden," they '
              'do explain it in the beginning (no spoilers though!)',
 'tt2106514': 'When I purchased this movie from Amazon, it was with a certain '
              'amount of expectation to it; because it had Cecilia Cheung in '
              'it, plus it also brandished "impressive" and "a genre '
              'breakthrough" on the cover. Uhm, yeah, what genre are they '
              'making a breakthrough in? Having seen the movie, I sit here '
              'somewhat dazzled. Why? Well, because the movie was only '
              'partially as I had expected it to be. The good part about the '
              'movie is that it is sort of an epic movie in itself, and they '
              'managed to build up a good sense of believability with the sets '
              'and the whole feeling to the movie.The armors and the costumes '
              'in the movie were amazing to look at. There were so many small '
              'details in everything that it was just spectacular. And that is '
              'one of the better parts of the movie, because they really '
              'managed to bring the feel of the given era to life on the '
              'screen.And the battle scenes were grand and mostly epic. Lots '
              'of really nice fighting, action and choreography here. You '
              "might notice that I said 'mostly'. Yeah, because there were "
              'scenes during the fight that were painfully obviously staged '
              'and looked that way as well.The less than impressive aspects of '
              'the movie, were many of the death scenes were just hilarious to '
              'look at, reminding me of something from the old black and white '
              'movie genre. You see someone struggling, then falling down '
              'awkwardly and laying still. It was just too staged and fake, '
              'and most of the death scenes in the movie here were just among '
              'some of the worst death scenes I have seen in similar '
              "movies.Another thing that didn't really aid the movie in its "
              'progress was the way the director attempted to mix epic warfare '
              'with the petty feudal matters of a house in the royal Chinese '
              'army. It just seemed a little bit too much - delving a bit too '
              'far into being a Chinese soap opera.And finally, there were '
              'just too many characters to keep track of, and you just ended '
              'up shrugging your shoulders whenever one of the Yang family '
              'died, because you had no idea who it was or had any particular '
              "kind of 'on-screen relationship' to that person. It was like "
              'they were all extras in the frame just to add to the chaos.In '
              'overall, then "Legendary Amazons" - despite its cheesy title - '
              'is an average movie of this genre; nothing breakthrough to be '
              'had here. There are far better movies available in the same '
              'genre. And truth be told, then Cecilia Cheung and Richie Ren '
              'did little to raise the appeal of the movie. It was a fairly '
              'average experience, and hence, the 5 out of 10 rating from me.',
 'tt2106741': 'I just finished watching this and I was quite impressed. Do '
              'yourself a favour and ignore the jaded, critical comments in '
              'the 1 or 2 other reviews which are completely unfounded.I DO '
              "though fully agree with all the other 'GOOD' reviews here and "
              'their strong praise for this beautiful looking and engaging '
              "film! And, when I say 'Beautiful', I mean frigg'n BEAUTIFUL! "
              'The Blu-ray that I saw had a picture quality that was so '
              'stunning, it virtually leapt off the screen and was VERY 3 '
              'dimensional.And YES it does very much bring to mind Guy '
              "Ritchie's recent 'SHERLOCK HOLMES' in the look and with the "
              'soundtrack. But, it is NOT as hyper stylized. The Mystery is '
              'very involving; the writing, direction, and acting is '
              'excellent. YES, the final twist at the end may or may not be '
              'completely necessary, but I personally do not think it detracts '
              'that much from the story and overall impact of the film.So, if '
              'you DO happen to like Asian Action / Crime films that are '
              'sharply executed and very entertaining, not to mention '
              'beautiful looking, then you will indeed very much enjoy this '
              'movie!',
 'tt2111407': 'A product of the Shaolin craze inspired by the release of "The '
              'Shaolin Temple" (mainland China\'s first martial arts movie) in '
              '1982, this film occasionally borders on incomprehensibility due '
              "to the way it's edited, but if you're looking for tons of "
              'action you won\'t be disappointed. "Shaolin Temple" alums Ding '
              'Lan, Zhang Jianwen and Yan Dihua join an otherwise '
              'undistinguished cast in this tale of beleaguered carnival '
              'performers who eventually turn to their brother--a novice monk '
              'at Shaolin--for assistance in defeating the man who murdered '
              "their father. Here and there you'll see a blow falling short, "
              'but this has more to do with the occasionally shaky camera work '
              'than the choreography; most of the fighting is very watchable, '
              'and features exciting empty-hand and weapons clashes in equal '
              'measure. "The Shaolin Brothers" clocks in at just under eighty '
              "minutes, and it's obvious from the brief running time and the "
              'choppiness of the first quarter of the film that it was '
              'subjected to a hasty, ham-fisted editing job. Apparently this '
              'is the only available version of the movie, because the Tai '
              'Seng DVD uses the same scratchy, chopped-up print that Ocean '
              "Shores Video used in the '80s. This is unfortunate, but you "
              "still won't have too much trouble following the story and most "
              'of the fighting takes place later in the film, anyhow. In many '
              "respects this is a subpar production (the first thing you'll "
              'notice is that the English dubbing is exceptionally poor) but, '
              "as I've said before, no one really watches these films in the "
              'expectation of seeing anything more than a lot of '
              'well-choreographed action...and "The Shaolin Brothers" has '
              'action in spades.',
 'tt2113822': 'Before I went to watch this movie, I thought it might be '
              'another attempt by another Chinese director to win western '
              'market. I thought it might be another hero, a weird martial '
              'arts movie that surprisingly pleased western market but not me, '
              'a Chinese who grew up with martial arts culture.How wrong I '
              'was, this movie was all about Chinese: government corruption, '
              'Chinese fighting Chinese, and bureaucratism, the movie showed '
              'them all, and more importantly, real. This movie does not only '
              'have the stunning visuals all the big budget Hollywood movies '
              'have, but it also has an amazing way of telling history. The '
              'movie showed the how cruel a war could be, by telling story of '
              'a rich family in Henan province at 1942, when there were a '
              'drought and a war threatening. The overall tone was serious, '
              'but you will be laughing at some little humors now and then.I '
              'would definitely suggest this movie to anyone who is interested '
              'in Chinese culture. For it displayed a real china, unpleasant, '
              'even sad, but its real.',
 'tt2115388': 'This film is about a woman working in a wedding planning '
              'agency. She handles her break up while dealing with clients '
              'looking for a dream wedding."Love Is Not Blind" is surprisingly '
              'well made. From make up, costumes, set designs, cinematography, '
              'the quality across the board is very good. In the vein of "500 '
              'Days Of Summer", "Love Is Not Blind" is fun, fluffy and a '
              'little quirky. I particularly like the set designs. Every scene '
              'looks as if it was lifted out from an modern interior design '
              'magazine. Even the way a dinner table is set is so stylish. '
              'Together with the portrayal of the dream wedding of ultra rich '
              'clients, this film reflects the rapidly changing society in '
              'mainland China.It is a simple story but it touches the '
              'heartstrings. I like the way the leading girl is untainted by '
              'the materialism and extravagance. Her male colleague is funny, '
              'and the campness is so well portrayed but not over the top. '
              'Another impressive thing is that there are a number of really '
              'deep one liners that is thought provoking, such as whether love '
              'is a luxury and Louis Vuitton is a necessity.I really enjoyed '
              '"Love Is Not Blind", and I look forward to China making more '
              'films of this calibre.',
 'tt2118727': 'The movie is beautifully shot, and production is tight. And no '
              'wonder, Jingle Ma is directing and producing this movie. But '
              "unfortunately that's about the only thing going for this "
              'movie.A group of woman racers and two male managers comprise a '
              'racing team. The women characters experience the angst of '
              'overcoming problems in their personal life, and life as a '
              'professional racer. But what happens in the end is quite '
              'predictable. Popular Japanese actor Kazuki Kitamura plays the '
              'role of the bad guy who jilts his Chinese fiancée, and the '
              'manager of the rival Japanese team.The movie is very shallow, '
              "and that's probably why it's panned by many who sees it. It "
              'just cherry picks the glamorous aspect of racing, and tries to '
              'make a drama around it. The credibility is zero, and China '
              "doesn't have the kind of technology or industry to produce the "
              'kind of goods the characters are using. Everything is borrowed '
              "from the Japanese. The style, the helmet, the car, they're "
              'either Japanese or a carbon copy of Japanese culture. If it had '
              'substance to portray authentic culture of China, the film would '
              'have been far better. Not doing so makes this movie cartoonish '
              'in a bad way. The lifestyle, the technology shown in this movie '
              'is what China might have in 10 years. The gap between reality, '
              'and fiction is too wide in this movie to pass the credibility '
              'test.The movie might be propaganda passing as entertainment. '
              "See it for the beautiful visuals, but don't expect much else.",
 'tt2118775': 'Note: Check me out as the "Asian Movie Enthusiast" on YouTube, '
              'where I review tons of Asian movies.You really have to wonder '
              'how a film like "Special ID" (2013) gets an average IMDb rating '
              'of 5.3 out of 10 while something like "The Hobbit" (2012) gets '
              'an 8.0. People have truly lost their sense of priorities while '
              'watching action films. Read some reviews of "Special ID" and '
              "you'll see all kinds of petty criticisms, from language "
              "dialects to overly decorated restaurants! Here's a newsflash "
              'for you. For an action film to satisfy, it needs a minimum of '
              'two things: good action and brisk pacing. Guess what. "Special '
              'ID" easily meets this standard and in fact surpasses it with '
              'some truly memorable action sequences. Sure, the script is '
              'boilerplate and basic (even a bit clumsy in spots), but that '
              "doesn't automatically tank the enjoyability of a film that "
              'focuses first and foremost on the action anyways.A cop (Donnie '
              "Yen) and his team of comrades go undercover in one of China's "
              'most ruthless underworld organizations to stop a gang leader. '
              'Andy On plays a good villain, while Tian Jing is a likable '
              'female lead. The action in this film is spaced out nicely, '
              'which assists the pacing quite well. The fight choreography is '
              'less "showy", opting to reflect a realistic, scrappy form of '
              'fist-fighting with some mixed martial arts peppered in. The '
              'finale lasts a whopping 15 minutes and showcases a suspenseful '
              'car chase. This actioner definitely satisfies.The director here '
              'is Clarence Fok, who has a hit or miss filmography but has '
              'given us some fun movies in the past – "The Iceman Cometh" '
              '(1989) and "Black Panther Warriors" (1994) being two fairly '
              'brainless crowd-pleasers that stand out. He has also '
              'contributed some truly riveting dramas. For example, his crime '
              'drama "Century of the Dragon" (1999) is one of the best triad '
              'films of the past 15 years. Overall, the direction in "Special '
              'ID" is solid during the action, with some very cool sweeping '
              'shots during the lengthy car chase.Unfortunately, Clarence '
              'should have vetoed some of the scoring choices in "Special ID" '
              'because the background music got intrusive at times. The sound '
              'design of this film feels amateurish and cheap early on, but '
              "get better as it progresses. This shouldn't be too much of a "
              'problem for fans of old school Hong Kong action flicks from the '
              '80s and 90s, which many times had consistently poor production '
              'values but nevertheless succeeded at providing pure '
              'entertainment value. At the very least, "Special ID" looks nice '
              'while it gives the viewers its fist-to-face goodies.',
 'tt2150371': 'This is an epic drama of the conflict between the Nationalists '
              'and Communists post WW2 in China and subsequent escape to '
              "Taiwan. The good points. The story is engrossing. It doesn't "
              'try to cram too many characters in like some other epic Chinese '
              'historical dramas. There are several distinct stories that that '
              'involve the viewer. A Taiwanese doctor (Takeshi Kaneshiro) and '
              'his Japanese girlfriend (Masami Nagasawa), a Nationalist '
              'general (Huang Xiao Ming) and his upper class wife (Song Hye '
              'Kyo), and a humble soldier (Tong Dawei) and the nurse turned '
              'prostitute he loves (Zhang Ziyi). The production values are '
              'high and cinematography is good. Zhang Ziyi as the nurse acts '
              'convincingly. The movie shows the senseless tragedy in fighting '
              'a civil war just after WW2. The bad points The battle scenes '
              'are way too exaggerated and this hurts the story. The '
              'explosions and fireballs are just too Tarantino huge for the '
              '1940s. The romances are a too coy and cutesy and the some of '
              "the romantic dialog is painfully bad that it's comical. Zhang "
              'Ziyi and Takeshi Kaneshiro act well enough but some of the '
              'other acting is below par. Huang Xiao Ming Song is too preening '
              'that it is comical especially with the aviator sunglasses. Song '
              'Hye Kyo has this wistful look that belongs in Korean soap '
              "operas. The subtitles are small and in white so they can't be "
              "clearly read sometimes.Overall it's worth a watch for the epic "
              'sweep that covers a tumultuous time in Chinese history not '
              'often shown on film. Have to wait till next year for the '
              'conclusion and ship sinking.',
 'tt2150394': 'For anyone who always wanted a movie full of one action '
              'sequence after another, you get your wish. This one is hard to '
              "rate because what's good is very good, but what's lacking is "
              "sorely lacking. I've read a lot of negative reviews from a "
              "variety of sources. I didn't find this movie to be nearly as "
              "bad as others did. I understand that it's actually made up of "
              'scenes cut from a TV series, which makes more sense when you '
              "know that. If you've ever watched a Chinese TV series, there is "
              'a lot of suspense of reality and things, and the acting, can be '
              "a bit over-dramatic. It is quite different from TV series' in "
              'the US. It helps a lot to know that going in. The idea I like a '
              'lot - A Shaolin monk (Yuen Biao), who is reputed to be '
              'unmatched in his martial arts skills, is put through a series '
              "of tests in order to determine if he's up to the task of "
              'serving as the Drillmaster for the Grand Commandant (Bryan '
              "Leung). He's never really given the option, the tests just fall "
              "upon him, one after another. Herein lies what's both good and "
              'bad - the movie is an endless series of tests without any '
              'story. Some of the choreography and actual fighting are pretty '
              'exciting. Yuen Biao still has some great moves (especially for '
              'a guy over 50!), making the fights fun to watch. But the '
              'endlessness of these tests, and the rapid editing in some '
              'cases, is exhausting. This is just too long to sustain this '
              'sort of constant barrage. More interaction and story line could '
              'have easily replaced some of the action sequences and made for '
              'a better pace. The acting of the supporting characters and the '
              "crew of fighters is pretty weak and there's way too much "
              "diabolical laughing. If you're a fan of Yuen Biao and you like "
              "watching him mix it up and do his thing, you'll enjoy the many "
              'fights. Closer to the end he is particularly impressive as the '
              'sure and steady master of a group of well-skilled but slightly '
              'nervous young shaolin monks. His real-life experience and solid '
              'acting skill lend real credibility to this particular role. '
              'Perfect for him as the well-respected veteran.',
 'tt2165735': "I'm not terribly familiar with Johnnie To's work, though I know "
              "he is one of China's biggest directors. Drug War is his latest "
              'film, a critically hailed masterpiece, so to speak, that rivals '
              'some of the best American crime films. And for the most part, '
              'it is a very good film. Gripping, with a tight rope plot '
              'written like a maze, Drug War very rarely lets up as it '
              'navigates from one stage of the plot to the other.The film '
              'opens with Timmy Choi, a drug manufacturer, driving erratically '
              'until he runs through the entrance of a restaurant until he '
              'ends up in the hands of Captain Zhang. For dealing the amount '
              'of drugs that Choi is responsible for, the penalty is death, '
              'but Choi cuts a deal to help the police bring down a drug lord '
              'responsible for the sale of the narcotics. What follows is a '
              'near non-stop mission to get into the heart of the drug dealers '
              'and bring them down.Drug War is the kind of crime action '
              'thriller that is very audience pleasing. There is plenty of '
              "suspense and mystery, as you're always on the edge of your seat "
              "in anticipation of what will happen next. It doesn't help that "
              "you're never quite sure who to trust or who will do what, "
              'especially Choi, who remains shifty and unsure. Sun Honglei is '
              'especially entertaining as the no nonsense Zhang, whose smart '
              'and constantly does his best to stay one step ahead of all '
              "those he's trying to bring down, including Choi. The writing "
              'for the film is very intricate and full of surprises. Coupling '
              'this are several action set pieces, the highlight of which are '
              'a middle section involving the police and two very capable '
              'partners of Choi and the ending, which is an absolutely crazy '
              'finale for this film.If I have one real complaint about the '
              "film, it's the lack of depth. For all the technical skill and "
              "excellent writing and plot, we really don't get to know any of "
              'our characters. There is an attempt to make Choi somewhat '
              'sympathetic through a plot point about his wife, but Choi '
              'himself never really does much to make us like him or get us on '
              'his side. The same can be said about Zhang, who is little more '
              "than a hard nose cop trying to catch the criminals. There's "
              'never any real insight into either of these men, let alone the '
              "rest of the cast. It's a very basic and shallow cops and "
              'criminals tale, albeit, a very well written and produced '
              'one.But these are minor complaints in the face of the '
              'entertainment at hand. This is arguably one of the best films '
              "of 2013, even at it's rating, and I urge anyone looking for to "
              "make up for some theatrical thuds to check this out. It's well "
              'worth it.',
 'tt2167781': 'Egg and Stone follows a girl, Honggui, not yet sixteen years '
              'old, in rural southern China who is staying with her aunt and '
              'uncle. The stay was supposed to be temporary, but the years '
              'have stretched on and Honggui rarely hears from her mother.The '
              'tone of the movie is quiet, troubled, sad, with a big emphasis '
              'on nature as the backdrop. There is not a lot of dialogue, and '
              'there are many long shots with little noise but with lots of '
              'meaning in it.By the end of the movie, I came to believe that '
              'although Honggui is the soft little egg, eggs can use stones to '
              'protect themselves.I would warn anyone with experience of '
              'sexual abuse to take lots of precaution before watching this '
              'movie. It can be deeply jarring if you have not mentally '
              'prepared yourself for these scenes (there are no outright '
              'scenes of abuse, however there is heavy insinuation).I waited '
              'for a long time for this movie to pic up the pace, but it never '
              "does. You'll either come to appreciate the pace or you won't "
              "like it; that's okay.",
 'tt2168000': 'The film tells a good story, however, it depends on how you '
              'define what is good story telling.Wanyan Ying, whose prototype '
              'is a whore in Shanghai, was found dead in the suburb of '
              "Shanghai, with Ma's car upside down besides her, and Ma gone. "
              'Ma Zouri, a playboy, found himself stuck in an awkward '
              'situation - being accused as a murderer.The most interesting '
              'moment is that Ma gets caught during a show of Shanghai opera '
              "depicting Ma's murder of Wanyan. He could not control himself "
              'since the show misrepresented and uglified Wanyan, in his '
              'opinion, though. And the best part just begins here.Regardless '
              'of the fact that no evidence shows that Ma killed Wanyan, the '
              'detectors are already working on how to properly present the '
              'execution of Ma. As the show depicting the murder has been put '
              'up for thousands of times, everyone seems to believe that Ma '
              'actually killed Wanyan. So the only reasonable choice is to '
              'execute Ma and show it to the public.This may confuse some '
              'Western audience. They may ask where is the trial and jury. '
              'Well, the film never brings that up.These lines are perfect '
              "reason why a trail is missing: Wu Liu's Father: But has Ma "
              'really killed Wanyan or not? Wu Liu: Dad, is it matter that he '
              'did it or not? It matters that the public want him dead. You '
              'execute him, and you will win the public support.',
 'tt2169322': 'Finding Mr. Right is a decent, well-executed romantic comedy '
              "that stands out among many China film productions. It's smart, "
              'occasionally funny at times, and surprisingly touching, drawing '
              'numerous references from the classic romantic comedy, '
              "'Sleepless in Seattle', which influences the film's climax.It's "
              'charming and somewhat delightful to watch the lead female '
              "character, Jia Jia's personal transformation from a spoilt, "
              'obnoxious, stubborn, high maintenance, materialistic, hateful '
              'woman to a down-to-earth, caring and admirable grown mother. '
              "It's a strong character that requires good performance, which "
              'Tang Wei delivers with her charming presence.Finding Mr. Right '
              'offers nothing new in the genre and it may certainly look '
              'common or feels like any romantic comedies out there by others, '
              'but the solid storytelling,convincing love chemistry between '
              "the two lead characters allow it to shine. It's a significant "
              'improvement, or possibly a breakthrough for the Chinese film '
              'industry.',
 'tt2170536': 'I have been looking forward to this movie.Overall, I find the '
              'movie disappointing. There was no real depth to any of the '
              'characters. The story-line is thin and predictable. What kept '
              'me going was the excellent performances by Kwon Sang-woo and '
              'Cecilia Cheung (in a dual role...). If it were not for them... '
              'I would not have stayed with it...I had wanted to see this film '
              'ever since I heard about Kwon Sang woo going to make a movie in '
              'China. Frankly, I think he sold himself short. He is such a '
              'fine actor. He deserved to show his craft in a better film than '
              'this. Same goes for Cecilia Cheung..',
 'tt2190193': "When it comes to films about fish, Pixar's 'Finding Nemo' "
              "(which 'Back to the Sea' has been inevitably and constantly "
              'compared to, perhaps not exactly fairly but understandably) is '
              'very hard to beat. As unfair as it is to say, the quality is '
              "vastly inferior here in 'Back to the Sea' in comparison and, "
              "after viewing it online, it's a pretty lame film on its own "
              'terms too.There are worse animated films revolving around fish '
              'characters certainly, nothing is worse than one of the worst '
              "animated or ever films 'The Reef', 'Izzy's Way Home' and "
              "'SeeFood' are also worse. 'Back to the Sea' however is one of "
              'the blandest and dullest, not in a while has a journey back to '
              'the sea been as bland, dull or easily forgettable as here. '
              "There is not much to recommend with 'Back to the Sea', there "
              'are a few heart-warming moments here and there and the '
              'soundtrack fits nicely and while not a truly memorable one '
              "doesn't make either mistake of being too intrusive or "
              'low-key.Regarding the voice actors, they do their best, with '
              'Yuri Lowenthal, Tom Kenny, Mark Hamill (despite not being in it '
              'enough) and Tara Strong voicing their characters with a lot of '
              'spirit.However, the story could have been better executed. It '
              'was potentially very identifiable but let down by dreary '
              'pacing, a paper-thin story structure, being too out-of-kilter '
              'dark in places (which muddled the tone) and too much of it not '
              'being particularly logical. Too much of it is very vague and '
              'the clarity factor is low, due to a lot of elements begging for '
              'an explanation that either are half-baked or never comes '
              'altogether. The parent-child relationship could have had a lot '
              'of heart but is not featured enough and is under-cooked '
              'dramatically. The voice cast did deserve much better, some make '
              'valiant efforts but others suffer from having very little to '
              'do.Christian Slater is too hyperactive, and how can you have '
              "one of the best prolific voice actors there's been with one of "
              'the most distinctive voices ever Tim Curry and make him '
              "practically anonymous and almost like you can't tell who's he's "
              'voicing.Further disadvantages are very flat humour, one has to '
              'search deeply for anything that resembles humour let alone find '
              'anything close to funny. Even flatter characters, there is not '
              'an interesting or likable one here and many are underused). An '
              'even more tedious and lacking in flavour script, with very '
              'little for children or adults alike in terms of engaging '
              'antics, humour, pathos or nods and references, so much so '
              'target audience and focus is called into question, especially '
              'with the jarringly darker elements tossed in. And a general '
              "lack of emotional attachment.Animation-wise, 'Back to the Sea' "
              'is adequate at best, some of the backgrounds are nice and '
              'detailed. Most of it is uninspired though, with a very '
              'low-budget late-80s-early-90s look that makes one question when '
              'the film was actually made. Evident in some lifeless colours '
              'and less than smooth character designs. So not terrible or '
              'amateurish, but there is nothing in the animation quality that '
              'makes one leap out of their chair in amazement.In conclusion, '
              'not a shipwreck, but as a lifelong animation fan to me this was '
              'very bland and dull. 3/10 Bethany Cox',
 'tt2193269': 'I love this movie so much, but I preferred the 4th movie '
              'more!!!"Anyway, I Like the part where Hui Tai Lang\'s "Arabian '
              'Outfit" and Xi Yang Yang\'s unexpected trip with Hui Tai Lang '
              "to Egypt reminds of Disney's Aladdin movie from 1992, including "
              'the thirsty sun drinking the water. ROFL. Also, I enjoyed the '
              'part where Xiao Hui Hui finally bonds with Lan Yang Yang as '
              '"Brothers" for the first time ever (In the first Pleasant Goat '
              "movie in 2009, He didn't bond with Lan Yang Yang yet at the "
              "time & A little like Ariel & Eric from Disney's The Little "
              "Mermaid movie from 1989.).It's also about The Goats and Wolves "
              "go to and work at a Tiger-themed Theme Park (It's a little like "
              'Disneyland Resort in Anaheim, California, opened on July 17, '
              "1955.).And that's pretty much it, Maybe you should watch this "
              "If you like Disney's The Lion King, Aladdin, & Other Disney "
              'movies you can think of. BYE!!!',
 'tt2193271': "I really love this Pleasant Goat movie so much, It's all about "
              'the Dragons, and Xiao Hui Hui (The Son of Hui Tai Lang and Hong '
              'Tai Lang.) was very cute. :3 He always reminds me of Ariel and '
              'Vanellope Von Schweetz, and Tinker Bell from Disney. It was My '
              'favorite Pleasant Goat movie of all time!!! :DIn this movie: '
              'Hong Tai Lang and Mei Yang Yang, and Nuan Yang Yang arguably '
              'become "Magical Girls" in this wonderful movie, and Xi Yang '
              'Yang and his friends are trying to save The Dragon realm from '
              'an evil Robot Dragon, and My favorite part of this Pleasant '
              'Goat movie of all time was Xiao Hui Hui screaming and running '
              'away from Loud noises while Playing music while Practicing to '
              'be "Troopers" ROFL.So If you like Magical Girls, Dragons, and '
              'etc. This Pleasant Goat movie for you. :3',
 'tt2193273': "Well, I've got to say that This Xi Yang Yang movie was worser "
              "than Doraemon: Nobita's Mermaid Legend, It's worser than "
              "Disney's Little Mermaid, and It's even worser than Disney's "
              'Wreck It Ralph. I felt completely crushed and I felt completely '
              'disappointed. :( How would on earth would they make a Xi Yang '
              'Yang movie about saving The Ox world?! Huh?! ):( I would never '
              'ever want to see that Xi Yang Yang ever again and I really '
              "really can't take anymore of Hong Tai Lung being such an "
              "annoying crybaby in this film, and I can't take anymore of this "
              "god dang trash!!!! Ugh!!!' -Explosion- Anyways, If you want to "
              'see Hong Tai Lung wearing a "Formal" purple robe, this Xi Yang '
              "Yang movie is for you. And oh, by the way, Even though I'm a "
              "huge Xi Yang Yang fan from America, It still doesn't explain "
              'why Hong Tai Lung was wearing a "Formal" Purple robe rather '
              'than her "Casual" Red Robe like the rest of The Xi Yang Yang '
              'Series and movies which made me very disappointed for sure!! :( '
              'so bye!!',
 'tt2204340': 'surprised this movie got such a low rating, i would personally '
              'rate this a 7. if i was not a fan of this genre then it would '
              'at least still be a six. the main reason i think that people '
              "don't like this movie is because the story is very convoluted "
              'and the main leads love triangle is not explained '
              'farther...hence the convoluteness.there are a lot of things to '
              'like about this movie, the cinematography was first rate, the '
              'locales were beautiful and enough night and rain scenes to '
              'satisfy me. the action scenes were very well done, the acting '
              'was not bad, the male leads were better then the female. i love '
              'the wuxia genre movies ever since i was a little kid growing up '
              'on shaw bros. and golden harvest movies. the wuxia here is very '
              'well done although sometimes it felt like a superhero movie( '
              'another detriment to this movie...although very well done ). '
              'action, martial arts and cgi fans will like this movie, there '
              'is a lot of eye candy. the cgi is very good, pretty much '
              'seamless interaction with the live-action. some of the locales '
              'were breathtaking...the movie is beautiful to look at even '
              'though it is not the best made movie.for me personally, i liked '
              "it and can't wait till the second one comes out. i'm hoping "
              'that the script will be better because that was one of the main '
              'things that kept it from being really, really good. again, if '
              "you are a eye-candy movie fan, you're going to like this one.",
 'tt2215604': "My Airhostess Roommate is a 2009 Japanese rom-com flick.I'm not "
              "a huge fan of rom-coms to begin with, because it's just not a "
              'genre I usually enjoy all that much. Add to that the fact that '
              'so many of these "date" films typically consist of really tired '
              '& lame stories chock full of asinine & annoying characters and '
              'implausible situations, that I often find them to be little '
              'more than a groan inducing experience (i.e. these movies '
              'frequently SUCK!) When done right however, they can be quite '
              'good and highly entertaining. This movie gets it right most of '
              'the time, to the point that it will at least be tolerable, and '
              "possibly enjoyable for most viewers.SPOILERS AHEAD!Here's the "
              "basic premise: Male bachelor lives & works alone, doesn't like "
              'to go out, and is not looking for love. One night, he finds a '
              'neighboring female tenant passed out outside the front door of '
              'his apartment. After letting her sleep off her drunken stupor '
              'for the night at his place, she goes on her way the next '
              'morning. She keeps returning day after day though, because '
              "she's just been evicted from her place and has nowhere else to "
              'go. Slowly but surely, she moves into his place and they become '
              "roommates; she doesn't really ask to move in, she just more or "
              "less does so at will. But, he's a single male, and she's a "
              'beautiful flight attendant with lots of gorgeous stewardess '
              'friends, so what else is a young man to do in this situation '
              'but just roll with it?From there, the rest of the movie is '
              'pretty much a "by the book" romantic comedy. She\'s perky, '
              "confident, and demanding. He's shy, reclusive, and kinda dorky. "
              'But, they each share just enough mutual traits that they soon '
              'become friends, and then that friendship eventually blossoms '
              'into love for one another, and, blah, blah, blah!This movie is '
              'about as formulaic as a film can be. There are no really huge '
              'surprises, everything falls into place as you would expect, and '
              'you can pretty much forecast everything that happens along the '
              "way. This is often the case with romcoms, and it's one of the "
              "reasons I tend to dislike like them. The primary reason I don't "
              'usually like these movies though, is that often one or more '
              'characters are completely unlikable, and/or there is some '
              'ridiculous melodramatic subplot that ruins the whole '
              'experience. Thankfully, this movie avoids these flaws for the '
              "most part; she's not too much of a demanding flake that you "
              "wonder why he wouldn't just kick her ass to the curb, he's not "
              'too much of a nerdy needy loser that you wonder why she would '
              'like him, no one has cancer, neither of the lead characters is '
              'simultaneously still in love with someone else, none of the '
              'friends are too much of an utter annoyance, nobody is a '
              'completely unbelievable super hunk/chick, nobody is a total '
              'down on their luck bum or an ultra jet setting gazillionaire, '
              'etc. The film does toe the line a few times in a couple of '
              'instances regarding the above listed typical romcom annoyances, '
              'but not so much that you just give up altogether and end up '
              'hating the fact you wasted your time watching another cookie '
              'cutter genre piece of completely obnoxious BS.There is one plot '
              'point that pops up later in the film that revolves around how '
              'she came to be at his place instead of somewhere else. I did '
              "find this to be annoying and total unnecessary, but I'm willing "
              'to let it slide for the greater good. All in all, this movie is '
              "as easily enjoyable & accessible as it is forgettable. It's "
              'cute, light, breezy, and would be inoffensive to almost '
              'anyone...it barely even warrants a "PG" rating (up from "G", '
              'not down from "R"). Plus, it\'s a streamlined & well paced 90 '
              'minutes long (Yay!). If your significant other demands you '
              'watch a romcom together, you could do far far worse than '
              'choosing to watch this flick.So, somewhere between a 6 or 7 out '
              "of 10 stars for me. I'll give it a 7 cause I'm feeling generous "
              "today. It's nothing great, but it likely won't make you "
              'vomit.P.S. I would like to note that I particularly enjoyed how '
              'this movie concluded (via an animated sequence that foretold '
              'what the future would/might bring for the romantic couple). '
              'Unfortunately, I had to explain the ending to everybody I '
              "watched it with for some reason. Sigh!...I'm mentioning this "
              'specifically in advance for anyone who watches this film so '
              'that you PAY ATTENTION during the last 10 minutes and final '
              'animated sequence. I feel this movie is much better served if '
              'you don\'t have to ask "what happened?" at the end (like the '
              'idiots I watched it with apparently had to). Honestly, it '
              'should really not be that difficult to understand people!There '
              'you have it!',
 'tt2223140': 'In 1931, a Chinese steamship and the British submarine HMS '
              'Poseidon collided off the coast of northern China. It was a '
              'turbulent time in the region and just months before Japan '
              'invaded Manchuria.The Poseidon was hailed as the best of its '
              'kind, not unlike the Titanic. A new documentary, The Poseidon '
              'Project, so brilliantly uncovers the story behind this tragic '
              'wreck.As the Poseidon sank (it took four minutes), about half '
              'of its crew swam to safety. The others were trapped inside. '
              'Three hours later, six men surfaced–alive–from the site of the '
              'wreck. It was the first time people had escaped a submarine '
              'using scuba equipment.Fast-forward 70 years. Scuba expert and '
              'writer Steven Schwankert learned of this shipwreck and sets out '
              'to dive it. But when he investigated further, he realized he '
              'had more on his hands than an underwater excursion.Schwankert '
              'first lived in China in the mid-1980s and a decade or so later '
              'returned for good. Fluent in Mandarin and in the workings of '
              'mainland China, he understood what a huge undertaking this '
              'project would be. Yet he carried on and followed every lead, '
              'both in China and in the UK.One of the most fascinating parts '
              'of the film was how he connected with family of the survivors '
              'and victims of the wreck: sons and daughters, but also '
              'grandchildren and nieces and nephews. Schwankert arranged for a '
              'reunion with these family members in China so they could visit '
              'the site of the collision and try to locate the former '
              'graveyard where some of the Poseidon crew was buried.The story '
              'also took an unexpected turn during the Cultural Revolution, '
              "which put a wrench in Schwankert's investigation of these later "
              'events.This is an excellent film for history buffs, Sinophiles, '
              'maritime aficionados, and people who enjoy true crime stories '
              "(although this doesn't really center around a crime, it has the "
              'same aura as a true crime film).',
 'tt2226377': 'I saw this film as part of the Rotterdam Film Festival 2012. In '
              'spite of the synopsis as published by the festival, leaving '
              'much to our imagination, I booked tickets and did not regret '
              'it. We saw an intriguing sequence of events and unpredictable '
              'things happening. The binding story is simplistic: New Years '
              'Eve, family comes together, pater familias is seriously ill, '
              'everyone assumes this time to be the last, etcetera. But all '
              'this is not relevant to enjoy this movie. In fear of spoiling '
              "I'll refrain from telling more about what happened.The final "
              'Q&A with the director provided for useful extra information. '
              'The reason for using black and white was only the budget, and '
              'no inherent meaning is to be construed from it. Originally '
              'there was a script, but after a few shooting days, some of the '
              'actors had other obligations, hence the script was thrown out '
              'of the window. The title is also devoid of any special meaning, '
              'just a random choice out of alternatives that could equally be '
              'as good or bad. It applies to the donkeys as slaughtered in the '
              'opening scene, fish as the prime business of the fish farm '
              'where most scenes are located, and last-but-not-least humans, '
              'the latter being the worst kind of animals.',
 'tt2238032': 'Okay, the plot is a little bit all over the place at times but '
              'it still had some pretty neat fights (Jackie Chan always '
              'delivers some good stunts for his films) and some fun humor '
              '(often within said fight scenes). There was some dubbed scenes '
              "in the first 20 minutes where they clearly weren't speaking "
              'English as they would have had no reason to being just Chinese '
              "present but luckily that didn't last too long.I'm guessing the "
              "studio thought that Johnny Knoxville fans couldn't handle "
              'reading too many subtitles so they dubbed every other scene '
              'that was Mandarin sometimes more obvious than others (in the '
              'first dubbed scene they avoid the obviousness by simply picking '
              'shots that avoid the lips of the cast when they speak).But I '
              "guess that makes it feel a bit like the classic early 90's "
              'Jackie Chan movies where they did similar things for the '
              'international versions.Anyway all in all I was mostly '
              "entertained and that's why we watch these kind of movies after "
              "all and it's worth watching it to see Jackie Chan sing Adelé "
              'alone.6.5/10 for me.',
 'tt2244098': "This is by no way an easy film. It's slow, very slow, with "
              'shots that take their time, sometimes just focusing in nothing '
              "at all. There is very little dialogue and the whole thing it's "
              'uneventful. To most people would appear like a boring film, but '
              "that's exactly the point of it. Here Then shows us the lives of "
              'several young men and women in China. They are completely lost, '
              'their lifes are melted in a big and indiferent country. People '
              'who live in the villages have no chance of making a change in '
              'their lives. They are alienated, isolated, bored. For some, the '
              'only way to go up in the social scale is entering illegal '
              'businesses like prostitution. In this movie we see three '
              'aspects of that, the innocent girl who entered a risky '
              'business, the pimp and the customer. All is shown with no '
              'glamour but with the boredom of everyday, no happy or sad '
              'faces, just people. And like the woman in the end, there is '
              'dissatisfaction with life.\n'
              'Watch this movie only if you have patience and like very slow '
              'experimental films.',
 'tt2248789': '5-Minute Review of Crazy Dinner PartyAn entertaining '
              'comedy-of-errors revolving around a Spring Festival dinner at '
              'an exclusive, secluded Beijing supper club. With an excellent '
              'ensemble cast, the script has surprisingly biting social '
              "commentary for a film released during 2012's Chinese New Year "
              'season (a time censors would usually be expected to be '
              'particularly sensitive to any social commentary at all). The '
              'film more or less lambastes the Chinese nouveau riche, their '
              'frivolousness, and their superficiality, in addition to poking '
              'fun at some more amusing and/or unsavory elements of modern '
              'Chinese (pop) culture itself (particularly in the end credit '
              'sequences).Rising comedian Huang Bo (Lost in Thailand) plays a '
              'tertiary but giddily entertaining role that cynically plays '
              "upon Huang's own star status, portraying a washed-up, insecure, "
              'self-absorbed kung-fu star seeking scholarly advice on how to '
              'rejuvenate his career.Meanwhile, the rest of the relatively '
              'unknown cast does an amazing job playing their assigned roles '
              "to a tee, with the credit for the ensemble's delectable "
              'chemistry going to director Shang Jing, who despite meager film '
              'industry experience, has proved he can make competent, '
              "entertaining, and socially biting commercial fare. (Shang's "
              'previous experiences were limited to a TV period drama, a film '
              'adaptation of it, and a co-screen writing credit for Zhang '
              "Yimou's poorly received Coen Bros. remake, A Woman, a Gun, and "
              'a Noodle Shop.) Underused Hong Kong bombshell actress Monica '
              'Mok should also have hopefully gained some renewed attention '
              'after providing a smolderingly sexy yet self-deprecating, '
              'fruit-dicing, stunt action-filled portrayal of the one of the '
              "film's two conniving antagonists.Special mention goes to the "
              'struggling restaurateur protagonist played by Liu Hua of '
              "microbudget sleeper hit Crazy Stone fame (which this film's "
              'title seems to reverentially play off of), whose dignified '
              'performance is punctuated by hilariously explosive episodes of '
              'emotional collapse.Although fairly steeped in Chinese cultural '
              'references, caricatures, and saddled with a mediocre English '
              'subtitle translation, this flick is highly recommended viewing '
              'for Chinese film enthusiasts wishing to delve a bit deeper into '
              'Mainland productions beyond over-bloated costume epics and '
              'poorly-written romcom star vehicles.',
 'tt2258443': 'This is probably the most successful film that was produced in '
              'the Mainland in 2011. It just feels that in the process of '
              'laying the groundwork, the whole plot behind the work is too '
              'far apart, and there is not enough support for a series of '
              "events happening in the future. It's too far-fetched to get "
              'back to work at the end.',
 'tt2259360': 'It appears that, surfing through the styles and methods of '
              'cinematography mostly end up as either disgusting, or shallow. '
              'It is most entertaining in a way to see some amazing ideas '
              'disgruntled by those so called "innovations"... This one '
              "though... Well I've never seen anything like this before. It is "
              'very refreshing.Truth be told, i review movies on IMDb only '
              'when i feel other people left something out, and in this case, '
              'users are not the only ones. It is amazing how little does the '
              'imagery and marketing of this film help people like the movie. '
              'In my case, (considering that i was not familiar with Chen '
              'Kaige at all.) the poster almost made me skip this one out. (it '
              "is really really retarded.) Though i'm glad i did not.The story "
              "of the movie is VERY VERY VERY unique. I'm sure that this kind "
              'of storytelling is nowhere else to be found. Though the plot is '
              'very complex and filled with "hidden" symbolism, the flow of '
              'the movie is lighthearted, easygoing and even "eye '
              'candy/entertaining"... But don\'t let it fool you. There is a '
              'gigantic drama hidden beneath those "sweets", which perfectly '
              'manages to hit you like a loaded truck... Given the fact that '
              'the film is about emotions, love and personal attitudes, it is '
              'BEYOND belief, how the hell did Mr Chen manage to NOT turn this '
              'into a mainstream "DOLLY" trash. The story in the beginning is '
              'very simple, but you will be amazed how brutal and complex it '
              'gets with seemingly "little things" in the end...Actors and '
              'actresses are selected well. Their actual "greatness" comes not '
              'from their "heavy" and dramatic moments, but in an "overall" '
              'characteristics which are stretched through some crazy salad of '
              'coincidences and hidden "fate" element. Deep character study '
              'indeed, it just shows very little of that "depth", thus making '
              'it even more enigmatic. The only thing i did not like in the '
              'movie was music, which did not stand out at all. (except for '
              'some parts which were total ripoff of some famous musical '
              'scores) but later i realized that it fits very well. I might be '
              'compromised by the story in a way that i am not critical '
              'towards the other aspects anymore, but i felt like mentioning '
              'all this. I am not gonna comment on camera work and other '
              'technical matters for some obvious reasons.I most proudly '
              'advise ANYONE who loves complex yet simple movies to see this '
              'one. Do not follow the steps of those who were blown away by '
              'ridiculous marketing and promotions of this film. This is a '
              'wonderful movie with a powerful message, which will most likely '
              'MAKE you remember itself.',
 'tt2271555': 'One suspects writer-director Carol Lai may have harboured some '
              'Black Swan ambitions with a tale that also centers around a '
              'stage practitioner who embarks on an unwitting destructive '
              'journey when playing a role to die for. The Second Woman, whose '
              'Chinese title Romance Riddle may hold better clues as to how '
              'this film developed, being more of a guessing game that threw '
              'constant clues rather than a overly romantic film about twins '
              "falling in love with a man who decided it's perfectly OK to "
              'string both women along, until he discovers that this spells '
              'double trouble.Nan (Shawn Yue) and Hui Bao (Shu Qi) are a '
              'romantic couple in the stage acting profession. He is of '
              'leading man material, but his girlfriend Bao is at best, when '
              "his influence isn't waning and his leading lady is in a good "
              'mood, the supporting actress in the bid budgeted production of '
              'Legend of the Plum Blossom, about a scholar falling in love '
              'with two women in a supernatural tale about spirits and '
              'possession. With the stage being a mirror in life, Nan soon '
              "finds himself also falling in love with Hui Bao's older twin "
              "sister Hui Xiang (Shu Qi again), who doesn't resist his "
              'advances, being probably more attractive to him in terms of '
              'character, the demure though more emotionally charged compared '
              'to the relatively immature Bao.Carrying out an affair with Hui '
              'Xiang while maintaining his relationship with Hui Bao, you know '
              "Nan's just asking for it when the two women sense a shift in "
              "attitudes, especially when they start to clash over Xiang's "
              "determined takeover of Bao's stage life when the latter falls "
              "sick before her final performance, and Xiang's performance wins "
              'accolades that Bao can only dream of. Jealousy in their '
              'professional lives, yes, but when you throw a man into the '
              'picture, things can get messy. They confront each other, and as '
              "it turns out, one of them emerges the victor, but who? That's "
              'when the movie kicks into full gear to keep you guessing just '
              'who Shu Qi is playing. While the first act introduces us to the '
              'two distinct sisters with their differences clearly defined in '
              'character and physical outlook - one wears her hair constantly '
              'up, and the other letting it down - these are indeed '
              'superficial changes should anyone decide to take over the role '
              'of the other and dress in similar fashion. And since both are '
              'actresses, or an actress wannabe, becoming the sister is '
              'nothing impossible, keeping up the Riddle and mystery in the '
              'title as to which of the two sisters Shu Qi is playing, since '
              'it involves an open ended possible murder mystery that happened '
              'in the deep sea thrown in as well, with Xiang mysteriously '
              'missing, but not before calling a neighbour to look after her '
              "blind mom when she's away on business.Is she actually Bao who "
              'had gotten rid of her sister Xiang, or is she Xiang who had '
              "usurped Bao's position? Or is Xiang deranged as the first scene "
              'would have suggested, schizophrenia and all, or worst, the '
              'story having the gall to pull a rug from under all our feet to '
              'suggest they may even be the same person? As the film goes on '
              "with Nan's investigative friend and his sister going all out to "
              'seek the truth while Nan continues to string Bao/Xiang along to '
              "reveal everything, but frankly up until a certain time you'd "
              "stop caring, and decide to just enjoy Shu Qi's performance "
              'taking up characteristics from both twins.And that I suppose '
              'sounded the death knell for the mystery it wanted to build up, '
              "because it didn't manage to sustain an interest exactly who of "
              "the two women we're seeing on screen. Carol Lai also chose to "
              'mix things up with her direction, blurring the line between the '
              'lives of the characters on stage and outside of it. While the '
              'stage play deals with supernatural possession, suggestions do '
              'creep into her story outside of the stage, with constant jump '
              'cuts and eerie atmospherics contributing to suggestions that we '
              "may see what's on stage being repeated in real life given "
              'parallels that are converging. This also mirrors the production '
              'as well, being undecided whether to be a psychological '
              'thriller, or an outright horror film given its numerous jump '
              'cuts intended to scare.The game is up when the filmmakers '
              'realize that they have dug a hole so deep that the only way out '
              'is to have two characters, whose value to the film is saved '
              'entirely for the finale, to explain everything in very verbatim '
              'terms like a sort of cheat sheet in spilling the beans, '
              'inclusive of new scenes yet to be seen to allow for the '
              'connection of the dots, spoonfeeding the audience in the hopes '
              'of not letting the slightest of clues go unnoticed, and '
              'hopefully to make sense of everything else that had transpired, '
              'including a found trenchcoat at sea, a haunted, abandoned '
              'theatre and a blind mom who for all her heightened senses and '
              "years spent on motherhood and weaning her twins, couldn't tell "
              'them apart. Perhaps a tighter story could be crafted from its '
              "promising premise if there's a bold leap of faith in a more "
              'sophisticated audience capable of piecing everything together '
              'themselves.',
 'tt2273470': 'Before continuing, I am not a Chinese, I inform as a foreigner '
              "watching a foreign film.From an outsider's point of view, China "
              'is just a place where pickpockets and just bad people do crimes '
              'for everyday life and the police could never try to get rid of '
              'them. Also, cops are lazy and they just blackmail commoners '
              'everywhere.In conclusion, this film gave a new perspective on '
              "being a cop, of how it's just not going lazy everyday but to "
              "fight not only the outside's negatives, but the inside's "
              'negatives too.==========================SPOILERS SECTION IS '
              "BELOW, READ BELOW ONLY AFTER YOU'VE FINISHED THE "
              'FILM!!!!!!!!==========================SPOILERS!!!!!!! This film '
              'gave us a new perspective of the police force just doing their '
              'jobs, and how tiring they were, catching these people that '
              "would redo their crimes again and again. There's one point in "
              "the movie where the main character just says that he's tired "
              'and he felt sad because he took in negative energy again and '
              'again and it never end. Another new perspective is the morality '
              "of his job. There's another point into the story where the "
              "Gold-digger guy says that he's going to rob and give away money "
              'to the little kid, and the main cop just smashed his phone to '
              "the ground. It's fair for the cop. He's protecting the law and "
              'this guy is just trying to get rid of him. If he get the Gold- '
              "digger, the people won't respect him since he is trying to stop "
              'the guy from giving the kid money. On the other hand, if he did '
              "not catch Gold- digger, he's not doing his job, therefore not "
              "qualifying as a cop. It's the fights inside him that makes you "
              'think and feel for the cop.',
 'tt2275080': "I remember watching this when I'm a child with my mum, and this "
              'is going to be my favorite Mcdull movie forever, the music was '
              'fantastic and so was the plot, remember, music lives on '
              'forever!',
 'tt2278392': "I'd like to share some of my own views as a native Chinese "
              "who's never been abroad.In the movie, those three guys are "
              "graduated in the best university 'PKU Beijing University' in "
              "china. They are the real elite, however they can't find a "
              'decent job in US as the lack of vocational skills, so they have '
              'to work really hard to support themselves. Not all Chinese are '
              'cleaver for sure.About the racism, the old teacher is just a '
              'symbol of old China. And I believe that Chinese poor student '
              'worker not been treated well happens everywhere more or less. '
              "It's due to the stereotype and the bad image of China. That's "
              "why they're so eager to change the figure in US. In this "
              "regard, you can say it's a bit racism.The scene made me "
              'uncomfortable is they came back to the diner which is one used '
              'to work in, and said something about the lady who he had worked '
              "for. Business is not charity, they can't pay you for your "
              "ambition. And you can't lower others to heighten "
              "yourself.Furthermore, the film is based on real story. There's "
              "a language school named 'new oriental school' in China, and the "
              'headmaster can really remember the whole dictionary, they did '
              'advertisement on lamp-post, had class in deserted factory. In '
              "the end of the movie, there're their picture along with some "
              'famous business men during the same period.Nowadays however, '
              'study abroad is different than before for the wide gap between '
              'rich and poor. Those who born with a golden spoon can easily '
              'get a visa and find a school, where as others would be blocked '
              'while getting the visa.',
 'tt2283336': 'I just watched this show after putting it off because of the '
              "bad reviews. But I'm actually glad I finally did. It's a fun "
              'family movie!! What else do you guys want ??? The chemistry '
              'between Chris and Tessa is actually genuinely funny and '
              'pleasant to the eyes. And the scene where they showed a picture '
              'of agent K and J killing the giant cockroach. That was paying '
              'respect to the original men in black, and I loved that. This a '
              "a fresh new take on the men in black universe and I'd love to "
              "see Chris and Tessa return if they ever make another one. Don't "
              'listen to the negative reviews and just watch this with an open '
              'mind and I can assure you will enjoy this movie. Very '
              'underrated.',
 'tt2290567': 'At a time when the hopes and dreams of every martial arts movie '
              'junkie seem to rise and fall with the coming and going of a '
              "Donnie Yen movie, the pedigree behind 'Once Upon A Time in "
              "Shanghai' reads like a wish come true. Leading the cast is the "
              'Wing Chun practitioner cum action choreographer Philip Ng, the '
              'wushu and Jackie Chan Stunt Team-trained Andy On and last but '
              'not least the no-need-for-further-introduction Sammo Hung; but '
              'perhaps even more astounding is that the action is directed by '
              'none other than Yuen Woo-Ping, who is undoubtedly a legend in '
              'his own right.And indeed, the fight scenes are nothing short of '
              'impressive. Together with veteran action star cum choreographer '
              'Yuen Chung Yan, Yuen Woo Ping demonstrates why he is the '
              'grandmaster (pun intended) of martial arts direction. Every '
              'scene exhibits a spontaneous fluidity, one move leading to '
              'another ever so effortlessly and gracefully, and the result is '
              'balletic and beautiful in its own right. It certainly helps '
              'that the Yuens are working with real-life martial artists; '
              'despite weeks and even (in the case of Tony Leung) months of '
              'training, there is nothing quite like seeing true blue actors '
              'trained and raised on martial arts going at each other and '
              "complementing each other's styles at the same time.Intended as "
              'a showcase for the Hong Kong-born, American-raised Ng, the '
              "multi-talented 28-year-old doesn't disappoint in the action "
              'department. The film opens with him standing up for a little '
              'girl against a group of bullies en route to Shanghai, and right '
              'from the start, Ng recalls the form, physique and intensity of '
              'Bruce Lee. He gets his first real opponent to speak of in his '
              'duel with Andy On, the ferocity and swiftness of their mutually '
              'matched blows astounding to watch. And then there is of course '
              'the extended climax, in which he takes on a trio of venerable '
              'martial arts actors including his choreographer Chung Yan, Chen '
              'Kuan-Tai and Fung Hak-O, before moving on to a younger and '
              'equally well-matched adversary in budding Mainland actor and '
              'wushu-trained Mao Jun Jie. Those looking for Ng to have a '
              'showdown with Sammo Hung however will have to wait for another '
              'movie - both of them are cast as the good guys, with Hung '
              'playing the village head of that which Ng becomes a part of and '
              'whose younger daughter he eventually falls in love with. We '
              "might as well caution you too that Hung doesn't show off much "
              'of his prowess here; in fact, while he may receive equal '
              'billing with Ng and On, he is pretty much a second-degree '
              "supporting act, that 'alliance of kung fu masters' between Hung "
              'and Yuen Woo-Ping that the poster speaks of quite misleading in '
              'our opinion. But even with that notable omission, the action '
              'here is among some of the best we have seen in recent years in '
              'a period martial arts movie, and more than lives up to the hype '
              'that fans must have had since the announcement of the '
              'collaboration between Ng and Yuen one and a half years ago.Next '
              'to the fighting, the rest of the movie plays like a companion '
              "piece to scriptwriter and producer Wong Jing's 'The Last "
              "Tycoon'. Like the latter, this one is also set in Shanghai in "
              "the 1920s and 30s, the 'City of Dreams' which attracted many "
              'from other provinces in China seeking fortune and fame. Like '
              'the latter too, there is an underworld element to the story, '
              "this time in the form of Andy On's Long Qi (or literally "
              "'Dragon Seven' in Mandarin). And finally, like the latter, "
              "there is a strong whiff of patriotism, as Ng's labourer Ma "
              'Yongzhen and Long Qi join forces to defeat the Japanese spies '
              'infiltrating the city with an insidious agenda to take over it. '
              "Jing's script may not be compelling, but it provides an "
              'engaging enough narrative glue to hold the action scenes '
              'together.Amidst it all, it is perhaps easy to forget that there '
              'is a young director Wong Ching-Po at the helm. A rather '
              "unlikely choice given his filmography, Wong's contributions "
              'here are evident in the surprisingly artful touches the film '
              'boasts. You have to credit Wong not only for giving the movie a '
              'classy feel, but also for reining in the possible excesses of '
              "Wong Jing's script - after all, a similar clichéd love story "
              'spun between Ng and Jiang Lu Xia as well as On and nightclub '
              "singer Michelle Hu Ran avoids the melodrama of 'The Last "
              "Tycoon' no doubt because of Wong's restraint.Yes, this is "
              'probably one of the rare martial arts films that you can call '
              "elegant, and we're not talking about the action choreography. "
              'But of course, the attention here is on the up-and-rising star '
              'Philip Ng, his magnetic and perhaps even more charismatic '
              'co-star Andy On, as well as the esteemed Yuen Woo-Ping. If it '
              "isn't obvious enough, the fights are nothing less than "
              "thrilling, building up to an exhilarating finale that you'll "
              'want to watch and savour more than once. As a remake of the '
              "1972 film 'The Boxer from Shantung' in which Chen Kuan-tai "
              'played the titular character, it is also a splendid throwback '
              'to the old-school action movies which the Hong Kong film '
              "industry was founded on. But even if that little nugget doesn't "
              "tickle your fancy, you'll still find this a fine period action "
              'movie that more than lives up to its pedigree.',
 'tt2290645': "Great movie. I don't think I've laughed this hard, or been so "
              "horrified, in a theatre for a while. It's a dark satire about "
              'backwards village life and the lengths the villagers will go to '
              'in order to get rid of a crazy, impulsive guy who is ruining '
              'their lives and who is seemingly impervious to warnings, '
              "beatings or banishment. The plot doesn't proceed in "
              'chronological order; events are retold to a visiting doctor who '
              'came to the village to investigate rumours of a mystery '
              'illness. Sometimes, the same event will be shown again but with '
              "different details, as the doctor's understanding of what "
              "happened changes. Somehow, I couldn't help but sympathize with "
              'the insane, violent and anarchic villager no matter what he '
              'did.',
 'tt2296404': 'I saw a popular review with 1 star. What the hell are they '
              'watching this film for when the trailer is accurate and the '
              'film gives you so much more. Firstly if your a fan of Kung Fu '
              'Hustle or Dragon Tiger Gate or even The Storm Riders you will '
              'love these couple of films.In short a martial arts village must '
              'survive against the evil steampunk death machines and armies '
              'who want to build a railway which would destroy the town. The '
              'story is really secondary. It carries the film, but the '
              'effects, action, strong characters are flawless if you '
              'understand the genre. Most of it is quite unique and visionary '
              'while not compromising on the values of a good dramatised Kung '
              'Fu adventure. I mean it is really slick how they merge effects, '
              'big graphic overlays to convey action and humour which is '
              'really good. My only regret after watching them was that I '
              'never saw them in the cinema. If you like Kung Fu films this '
              'must be one of the most rewarding films you will ever see. The '
              "vision made reality is really epic. It's an instant classic. "
              "Anything less than a 7 and you really shouldn't be watching "
              'this type of film as it is a near perfect master class. '
              'Crouching Tiger action. Subtle Kung Fu Hustle humour. Tarantino '
              'style. Sherlock Holmes steampunk. Main character is like Jet Li '
              'early years. AMAZING FILM',
 'tt2296692': "First Time is a 2012 film from Asia. Here's your story: Young "
              'pretty sick girl meets good looking nice dude, and a '
              "relationship blossoms. That's all you need to know really. This "
              'is a typical Korean romantic melodrama if there ever was one. '
              "These Koreans are always remaking this same movie, but they're "
              'usually all effectively watchable enough, and Oh!...Wait! This '
              "isn't a Korean film? What?...It's from mainland China? What's "
              "going on here?...I'm confused!SPOILERS AHEAD!That's what it "
              "felt like watching this film. I've watched a lot of Asian "
              "cinema from many countries over the years; and it's usually "
              'pretty easy to immediately determine what Asian country a movie '
              'has come from (even without sound or language or site/location '
              'markers). For a long time, all of these countries have mostly '
              'produced movies that have a certain particular feel & style '
              'that are usually uniquely inherent to their own cultures. I '
              'love & appreciate all these various styles regardless of what '
              'Asian country a movie comes from (unless the movie sucks, of '
              "course), but it seems the line between various Asian countries' "
              'film making styles are clearly starting to recently blur '
              'together more and more, and, I can hardly think of a better '
              'example of that than this film.Plot wise, the most similar '
              'films I can compare this movie to are "ing" & "A Moment to '
              'Remember"; both are Korean melodramatic love stories dealing '
              'with a sick/dying girl and her love interest. It basically '
              "follows that type of story line, but it's executed with a bit "
              'more of a lighter touch for the most part. There are also '
              'numerous scenes and shots, and a couple of twists throughout '
              "that are more reminiscent of something similar to what you'd "
              'expect from a typical current Taiwanese and/or a Japanese '
              'production.Another thing that stands out about this movie is '
              'that it is just packed full of sumptuous visuals (almost to the '
              "point of sensory overload). There's loads of impressive camera "
              'angles/shots, varying color palettes, beautiful scenery, etc. '
              'If nothing else, it is really is impressive just to sit back '
              "and look at. There's also a good bit of effective animated "
              'sequences that are infused into the film at various points in '
              'order to further supplement and progress the story & '
              'visuals.The acting is fairly solid throughout, no complaints '
              "really. There's pretty much 3 main roles; the 2 attractive & "
              "charismatic leads, and the sick girl's mom. I can't recall "
              'seeing the lead actress before in anything else off the top of '
              'my head, and she gave a solid enough performance here, but I '
              'can\'t help but notice she is credited as "Angelababy". Hmmm! '
              "Angelababy? Really?...That's the name you want to be known "
              'as?...This woman is certainly free to call herself whatever she '
              "wants, of course, but I'm just gonna say it: That name is "
              "Freakin' AWFUL!Is this movie any good on its own "
              "merits?...Yeah, It's OK for the most part!...it's sometimes a "
              "little bit scattershot, and I've basically seen all of its "
              'individual parts somewhere else before, but it mostly hits the '
              "marks when and where it needs to, and I think it's an "
              "entertaining and decent enough watch. I'll give it 6 stars or "
              "so as a stand alone flick/story, but, I'll give it an extra "
              'star or so because of its somewhat seemingly creative amalgam '
              'of "Pan Asian" styles, story, & visuals.7 out of 10 stars '
              'overall!',
 'tt2319805': 'I was lucky enough to see this film at its Chicago premiere '
              "courtesy of the Chicago Cinema Society. Don't know too much "
              "about director David Wu, except that he's edited some of the "
              "best action movies I've ever seen. The action touch was quite "
              'apparent here in Cold Steel. A young man somehow able to avoid '
              'the war raging in his country is recruited by the Chinese when '
              'they discover his skills as a sniper and need his help in the '
              'face of an ongoing Japanese invasion. The action is fast-paced, '
              'intense, and extremely well cut together. When at one point the '
              "lead character jumps off a roof into a neighboring building's "
              'window, a stunt cameraman follows RIGHT behind him in a nice '
              'first person view. I have never seen that before. Things slow '
              'down a bit halfway through for a romantic subplot, but it '
              "doesn't get too corny. And that's saying a lot considering this "
              'came from Hong Kong. You can do better for story or drama, but '
              'the flaws are minimal and the action is great as a '
              'sniper-thriller.',
 'tt2334350': "If anyone's keeping score, it's been slightly more than a "
              'decade since Christy Chung has been at the front and centre of '
              'a new movie, so you can be excused if you do a double take when '
              'she first appears on screen; that, and the unmistakable fact '
              'that she has aged visibly since the last time we saw her act. '
              'Yet fans of the former model cum actress anticipating her '
              "comeback in this mystery thriller should take note – this isn't "
              'the sort of comeback we can almost certainly say anyone would '
              'be satisfied with.Whereas in younger days Christy would most '
              'certainly be cast as the popular celebrity Jiajia, that role '
              'has gone to Mainland actress Liu Yan; instead, Christy plays '
              "Jiajia's fashion consultant Wei Ling. The pair also happen to "
              'be best friends, and when Jiajia suddenly springs a surprise '
              'that she is heading off to Japan to marry her boyfriend Hirota, '
              'Wei Ling agrees to follow her all the way into the Okinawan '
              'hillside. Yet the day before they are supposed to meet, Jiajia '
              'goes missing, leaving Wei Ling to play detective in a hostile '
              'environment where everyone seems to be hiding a secret.The '
              'premise for a good cross-continent horror? Well, not quite, '
              'even if director Leong Tak Sam – working from his own '
              'screenplay – wants to make you think so with plenty of the '
              "genre's stylistics. The 'boo' scares, the sudden loud music, "
              'the jump-cuts- they are all there, as if Leong just reached '
              'into a bag and pulled out the tricks of the trade. One crucial '
              'thing he forgot though was technique, and the haphazard way in '
              'which he stitches together scenes with these clichés leaves '
              'much to be desired.The same can be said of the mystery at the '
              'heart of his tale, which revolves around some dark secrets of '
              "Hirota's family, including his matriarch of a mother Mrs "
              'Shimizu (Michiko Kodama), her loyal manservant Hirai (Den Den), '
              "and his sister Michiko (Megumi Kagurazaka). Not to worry, we're "
              "not about to reveal any spoilers here; we're however inclined "
              'to reveal that Leong himself spoils the story with one too many '
              'superfluous supporting relationships that fail to add much to '
              'the central whodunit – most prominently, a three-way '
              'relationship between Wei Ling, her lover Zhang Dong (Tony Ho), '
              "and his girlfriend Sun Ying.It doesn't help that, in addition "
              'to the loosely scripted plot, Leong shows his inexperience as a '
              'director by letting the pace remain slack for far too long. '
              "There's hardly much tension or build-up as the body count piles "
              'up, so much so that the final reveal turns out pretty '
              'anticlimactic. We might as well warn you as well that you might '
              'feel cheated by the twist at the end, surely to be described as '
              "a 'deus ex machina' by more cynical viewers just so the movie "
              "doesn't cross supernatural boundaries which would by extension "
              'cross the strict Mainland China censorship guidelines.And '
              'amidst it all, Christy simply looks lost. Granted that her '
              'character is only supposed to figure out what happened much '
              'later on, but the look of perpetual confusion she wears on her '
              'face seems to also stem from the somewhat incoherent plot. In '
              'fact, the ones who make the movie better than it deserves to be '
              'are the veteran Japanese actors – especially Den Den and '
              'Michiko Kodama, both of whom are effectively creepy to convey '
              'both menace and fear. The rest of the Chinese cast are dull in '
              "comparison, but that's also because their supporting bits are "
              "underwritten in the first place.It's no secret that by the time "
              'the truth comes to light, there is really little incredible '
              'about it. Probably the bigger mystery is how Leong Tak Sam, a '
              "producer of much better movies (e.g. 'Dog Bite Dog' and "
              "'Shamo') than the ones he had personally written and directed, "
              'had managed to persuade Christy to come out of retirement in '
              'the first place. The promise of a free trip to Japan maybe? In '
              'any case, this is hardly the homecoming fans will have been '
              'waiting for, even if Christy does tease with a brief upper body '
              'shot with just a towel wrapped around her.',
 'tt2347782': 'This is a space opera rendered using 3-d animation objects.In '
              'some galaxy, at some time or another in the history of the '
              'cosmos, two sides fight in space. The Swarm is a single race '
              'that has huge numbers. Many of their members seem to be fairly '
              'stupid insect forms that are fitted to combat. The leaders are '
              'few in number, but good at coordinating the hordes of '
              'underlings. The other side is mostly made of humanoids with two '
              'arms, two legs, one head, who walk and run upright. So they are '
              'sort of like humans, but still look nothing like Earth humans '
              'of the present day.In the opening, General Moss on the humanoid '
              'side (the Starworld Alliance) is gathering some sort of '
              'intelligence against the Swarm in the form of chips. He '
              'succeeds at that, and narrowly makes his escape at the cost of '
              'the lives of several underlings.The scene switches to scenes of '
              'militarised non-Swarm life. We see some training with armored '
              'suits. We switch again to space battles.General Moss returns to '
              'the Alliance side during the battle. Everyone seems concerned '
              "about keeping him safe. The elite 'Triton Force' is made up of "
              'armed flying armoured suits (like badly designed Gundam), and '
              'are allies of Moss. Xanthor is the main leader of the Swarm '
              'that Moss and company face. Xanthor wants to kill Moss and get '
              'the chips. The Triton Force wants to protect Moss and get the '
              'chips to the Alliance.So, who comes out on top? '
              '-----Scores-----Art/animation: 4/10 About 40% of the runtime is '
              'just beautiful, visually speaking. Then the rest of it is iffy '
              'or poor, as in mid-1990s poor.Sound: 4/10 The voice actors were '
              'miked OK, but incidental music and sounds were not really '
              'effectively used. The synchronisation of mouth movements and '
              'words was rather bad, as often happens in the mixed language '
              'setting.Voice Acting: 5/10 There were professional voice actors '
              'involved. Bruce Boxleitner and Keith David from live action '
              'movies come to mind, as do the veterans Steve Blum from Cowboy '
              'Bebop and Ogie Banks from Ultimate Spiderman. Most of the '
              'lesser parts were poorly handled by much less skillful voice '
              'actors.Screenplay: 0/10 Terrible. Full of poor one liners that '
              'are not funny. The script seemed to be an afterthought. The '
              'flow of beginning => middle => end was nowhere near smooth. The '
              'chain of command in the Alliance military seemed to be entirely '
              'broken. The ending was nonsensical. The main thread of the film '
              'was abandoned rather than resolved.',
 'tt2354196': 'This is not, in fact, a new mega-gator from the folks at The '
              'Asylum, but rather it is a very entertaining Hong Kong comedy '
              'film originally titled MILLION DOLLAR CROCODILE. With a fine '
              'cast whose performances are muddled somewhat from over-the-top '
              'and campy English dubbing, this is a fun story about an 8-meter '
              'crocodile that is sold by its keeper to a sushi bar, but it '
              'soon escapes and ravages the countryside. Peopled by a diverse '
              'cast of eccentric and crazed characters, including (in fine '
              'Gamera kaiju style) a young boy who befriends the monster, the '
              'story plays out in typical giant monster fashion, only with '
              'plenty of slapstick and funny asides from the characters along '
              'the way. CGI visual effects are acceptable to very good. The '
              'orchestral music score, attributed to a Chinese composer named '
              'Dong Dongdong, is very supportive a well.',
 'tt2355497': "Beijing 2003 is an epic ride throughout the streets of Peking's "
              'ring Road. The entire 150 hour film is basically a chase '
              'sequence, which is amazingly shot, with crazy large stakes, and '
              "amazing VFX, which feels like it's actually real! This movie "
              "has aged incredibly well for being made in 2003. It's just a "
              'thrilling ride. I was at the edge of my seat the entire time. I '
              'actually fell off my seat once and hurt myself from the '
              'intensity, which made this movie lose 3 points from the 10/10 I '
              "was going to give it. I just think a movie doesn't deserve a "
              'high rating if it causes physical pain to its viewers. Apart '
              'from that though, this movie is truly epic, and the suspense is '
              "insane. I just wish it didn't hurt me, and maybe it had more "
              "time to breathe with that anticlimactic end (which I'm not "
              'spoiling, so you can experience it for yourself). I highly '
              'recommend this. One of the most intense action films ever.',
 'tt2355551': 'While not intended to be a comedy, this documentary certainly '
              'amused punters at the Brisbane International Film Festival. '
              'Recording the process of engaging 100 architects from around '
              'the world to contribute to a mass housing development in a '
              'newly established area of China, this documentary opens with '
              'someone holding up a Ordos 100 sign at the arrivals gate to '
              'allow the participants to make themselves known to the Chinese '
              'welcome party. A slightly pointless exercise given its fairly '
              'obvious who the carefully (black) clad, satchel holding '
              'foreigners are. We then follow as roles are marked, buses are '
              "boarded and speeches are practiced. Anyone who's ever attended "
              'a conference knows how trivialising these things are. '
              'Unfortunately it is this absurdity that steals the limelight in '
              'the documentary. Director, Ai Weiwei, who was involved in the '
              'Birdsnest stadium for the Beijing Olympics, has said that the '
              'project was less about the actual buildings and more about the '
              'big idea of bringing together a brains trust and creating a new '
              'movement of architecture. A high aspiration but a little unfair '
              'for a film about architecture to feature so little. What we do '
              'see is plenty of earnest debate, a long sequence showing the '
              'ballot for site selection and many informal interviews with '
              'architects as they busy themselves with other things. Like '
              'shaving. Or unpacking. Try saying something profound while you '
              "are taking your shoes and socks off. It's a shame because the "
              'small amount we do see of the resultant designs is captivating. '
              "The concept schemes differ so vastly from each other that it's "
              "difficult to believe that each had the same brief. But we don't "
              'get any commentary on that. We get a debate about the currency '
              'for payment and the logistics of handing out cash to the '
              'participants. Oh and another bus trip.',
 'tt2361586': "I don't know why Chinese Movie Industry could make a bad and "
              "terrible movie like this one. It's a fake and sneer to the "
              'Three Kingdoms Period which we found it through Red Cliff. In '
              'this movie, all the characters were made up similar to the ones '
              'in Three Kingdoms but in a humor way in the hope to find '
              "laughter of audience but it's not.If anyone of you want to "
              'spend the most wasted minutes of your lifetime watching this '
              'movie, I would, at all cost, prevent you to do so.Apart from '
              'some of small fighting techniques, which were easy to the China '
              'Movie Industry, the movie was totally crap.DO NOT WATCH, I '
              'REPEAT, DO NOT WATCH. DO BE CURIOUS BECAUSE OF MY WORDS TO FIND '
              'OUT HOW BAD IT WAS. DO NOT!!!',
 'tt2363421': 'It looks like mainland China is producing more horror films '
              "lately. Over the past year or so I've seen trailers for dozens "
              'of titles. "Chrysalis" turned out to be a nice little '
              'surprise.After being kidnapped, a young woman awakens (three '
              'months later) on the side of a road with no memory of her '
              'abduction. Subsequently, she begins to experience psychological '
              "episodes that mirror her abductor's persona. During the opening "
              'half, this film is a bit uneven in its direction and scoring, '
              'and a bit messy in terms of scriptwriting. It just feels a bit '
              'rushed and impatient. Fortunately, it gets better as it '
              'progresses and contributes a very entertaining second half. The '
              'plot and protagonist hold interest throughout, the production '
              'values are nice, and there are some genuine surprises to be '
              'had. The visuals and overall style are quite good as well. This '
              'is a fun watch.',
 'tt2369127': 'The first few minutes will probably hit the raw nerve of anyone '
              'who got enraged by the irresponsible behaviour of fast car '
              'drivers here. We see two cars driven by rich kids who think of '
              'nothing except flooring the accelerators of their sports cars, '
              'even under inclement weather conditions, coupled with fooling '
              'around with the opposite sex, before tragedy hits when they get '
              'into an accident by hitting a passer-by. And as if not bad '
              'enough, one of them proceeds to finish the job. After all, it '
              'is said that punishment for a hit-and-run perpetrator is '
              'lighter if the victim succumbs to the injuries, rather than to '
              'survive the ordeal.Just when you think that Mystery would '
              'circle around the story of each of those who were involved, the '
              'narrative shifts in broad strokes. Based on story found in '
              "internet forums, Lou Ye's film actually deals with hell having "
              'known no fury than that of a woman scorned. Or make that women. '
              'It aims squarely at issues of extra marital affairs, and the '
              "trouble that one's indiscretion would bring about across all "
              "families involved in one's uncontained lust. It also skirted "
              'around highlights involving the single child policy, and how a '
              'male heir played some importance especially to the older '
              "generation. Which I thought was rather interesting if you'd put "
              'yourself in the shoes of the male protagonist under a society '
              "as such, although his wild behavioural swings isn't something "
              'that can be condoned.At first glance, it seemed that Qiao '
              'Yongzhao (Qin Hao) is leading the successful life, with a good '
              'career, nice apartment, wife Lu Jie (Hao Lei) and child. But '
              'who would have thought that these were insufficient, and slowly '
              "we learn more about what's actually behind his success due to "
              'family connections, and his frustrations that manifest through '
              'a series of affairs. Lu Jie befriends the mother of her '
              "daughter's classmate, and it's not before long that Sang Qi (Qi "
              "Xi) confides in her about her husband's affair. Connect the "
              'dots, and very soon the film becomes a tale of jealous '
              'vengeance, ever ready to see how far it could stretch.But while '
              'everything will be settled in a closed loop especially with yet '
              'another police investigative subplot thrown in for good measure '
              '(I suppose with Chinese films, you cannot have the law ignore '
              'crimes that have been committed, and how these investigations '
              'must almost always turn out positively to an extent, which '
              'makes the narrative fairly predictable), what was interesting '
              'was the character of Yongzhao, being very two-faced in the way '
              'he conducts himself between the two families, in a way, knowing '
              'very well not to bite the hands that feed him. The narrative '
              "moves up a notch when there's a direct confrontation, since it "
              'becomes a lot more explosive rather than to dwell and '
              'contemplate on the next move on the chess board.While the film '
              'tries to adopt this very detached, documentary like examination '
              'into the lives of the characters, it was especially jarring '
              'with the hand-held, shaky camera treatment, and on many '
              'occasions I was silently begging the cinematographer to mount '
              'the camera on a tripod, or stabilizer. It detracts one from '
              'getting into the story, and was mildly irritating each time the '
              'camera moved for no apparent reason other than just because it '
              'was hand held. If there could be one aspect that would make '
              'this film more bearable, it would be this.Otherwise perhaps Lou '
              'Ye wanted us to feel the same discomfort as the characters in '
              'this bleak and grim story, where everything was in a shade of '
              'grey, in the morals of the story as well as the way the film '
              'got lit and coloured, with plenty of rain to dampen any chirpy '
              'mood. If miserableness was what should be conveyed through the '
              'film to an audience, then this would be a great success.',
 'tt2370394': "I didn't really care for the movie so much, indeed i kind of "
              'feel like it was almost trying too hard to achieve the kind of '
              'moody tone poetry it really wanted to carve out, but i do feel '
              'like this is a movie that other people could and prob will '
              "really really love. If you're a fan of the films of Wong "
              'Kar-Wai--i would really recommend checking this one out as this '
              'covers a lot of similar terrain both dialog wise, atmosphere '
              'wise, and character wise, it definitely felt like the work of '
              'someone who really looked up to Wong Kar-Wai. I enjoyed that '
              "director's work more than enough that i can certainly "
              'appreciate the similarities that are present here without '
              "really getting wrapped up in this film's sense of poetic "
              'ramblings and discourses--again both dialog and visual wise, '
              'and i should say there are a handful of sequences here that '
              'really hit the mark--such as the one scene where the lead '
              'decided that maybe he will get run over by a train after all. '
              'In those handful of moments the film really comes to life in a '
              "vivid and memorable way--unfortunately they're only moments.The "
              "plot is essentially there's this young gloomy man (maybe in his "
              'early twenties)who upon breaking up with his much rhapsodized '
              'love interest seeks to end his life--be it physically or just '
              'emotionally, he essentially stops taking care of himself '
              'getting himself kicked out of his residence, and just stops '
              'caring about anything and everything--he gets so drunk in the '
              'first five minutes of the film that he bites into a glass and '
              'needs to receive stitches on his mouth because of this but he '
              "doesn't seem to even care all that much so given up on any joy "
              "he could possibly get out of life is he. In the hospital he's "
              'befriended by a very sunny hairdresser who along with another '
              'friend of his (a doorman prone to having sex with prostitutes) '
              'become a trio of young guys just hanging around and getting '
              'drunk while the lead waxes poetic in voice-over some of which '
              'is very effective (the scene of the three of them passing out '
              'and lying down drunk outside has the guy saying to the audience '
              'that he wishes he could buy them all the drinks they want but '
              "since he can't afford it, at least he can afford the cold wind "
              "that they can all feel which will remind them all that they're "
              'alive??? i am not sure but it both looked and sounded cool) '
              'eventually the three guys hook up with this singer of a rock '
              'band that plays at the bar where the lead ate that glass--and '
              'she and another girl (who ends up being the sister of one of '
              'the other two guys) ends up hanging out and after two or three '
              'scenes of the lead trying to off himself eventually forms a '
              'connection to the singer of the band. This in turn leads to not '
              'a whole lot--there was an attempt at blackmailing the other '
              "girl's boss at the bank she works at because she had been "
              'sexually molested by him, and there are a couple of '
              'alternatively amusing and puzzling scenes involving the other '
              'characters doing other things....i hope by now you get the idea '
              "that this film isn't really about plot anyways as much as it is "
              'the brooding atmosphere and rather dystopic mindset of its main '
              'character and how it basically informs everything he sees '
              'around him--from his friends, to a potential new love, to '
              'everything he passes by, everything is just touched by a cloud '
              'of sadness and doom. I feel like this film might have been '
              'trying to say something about depression and how both beautiful '
              "and ugly, natural and unnatural the young man's mind will "
              'process sadness--but that may be ascribing a quality to the '
              'film that only i was seeing while watching it. All of that '
              "said, the film's pacing is lethargic at best, torpid at worst, "
              'but again there are these occasionally wonderful scenes '
              'scattered throughout that suggest a real touch of poetry and a '
              'real future for the director if he could maybe put together a '
              'slightly less languorous film next time out--or at least one '
              "that has as many moments that work as moments that don't.",
 'tt2371411': 'Seriously, who can possibly resist the temptation of the '
              'flawless and seductive display from the ever-wonderful Zhou '
              'Xun, a much improved performance from Zhao Wei (after her '
              'dismal role in last year\'s "Mulan") and of course the insanely '
              'cute portrayal by Mini Yang. Like the 2008 prequel, "Painted '
              'Skin", to truly embrace the experience, the audience needs to '
              'slip into the film like a dream and suspend all beliefs. The '
              'more you escape from reality and believe into the world of '
              '"Painted Skin: The Resurrection", the more you will end up '
              'enjoying the experience. It is one of those special films that '
              'require the audience to just go with the flow, enjoy the '
              'scenery, the on-screen beauties on display, over the top action '
              'sequences, some truly wonderful acting and along with the '
              'stunning bright visuals on display.Zhou Xun is simply flawless '
              'in her display as the "spirit" that wants to be more human than '
              'human. However, while this film shares the same issue as Ridley '
              'Scott\'s classic "Bladerunner", the issue of wanting to be more '
              'human is only given a superficial flick of a dice. Still, Zhou '
              'is able to carry the film and the manner in which she '
              'seductively graces the screen is nothing short of amazing. In '
              'particular her noticeable dance to seduce the General (played '
              'by Chen Kun) is certainly a highlight. It should also be noted '
              'that when the Zhou is required to switch roles with Zhao Wei, '
              'it is Zhou who is able to seamlessly step into the shoes of the '
              "princess character. It's been a while since Zhou's winning "
              'performance in "Perhaps Love", and while she may not win this '
              'year, another nomination is only just around the corner.In '
              'terms of Zhao Wei, one must say that she gets better with age. '
              'This does not mean that she is aging well in terms of beauty, '
              'but rather the improvement comes in the form of her acting. '
              'After the disappointing "Mulan" where the fault lies more in '
              'the director and the script, rather than her ability in '
              'question, Zhao stands shoulder to shoulder in the role of a '
              'princess who values beauty and exterior, over the need of being '
              'a human. Her character is a direct contrast to Zhou Xun and she '
              'performs particularly well until the two switches bodies. There '
              'is a sadness in her eyes that allows the audience to always '
              'sympathize with her. It is a natural ability that cannot be '
              'taught and in many ways, she was always like this. Think back '
              'to "Shaolin Soccer" days, the tears in her eyes when she made '
              'the noodles still stands firmly on the back of my mind. While '
              'she did not exceed Zhou in terms of acting, there is no doubt '
              'that Zhao is finally coming of age.After first catching my eye '
              'in "All\'s Well, Ends Well 2012" as the swimsuit babe, tackling '
              'a relatively difficult and engaging role in "Love in the Buff" '
              'and then meeting her in person at the same movie premiere, it '
              'is unreservedly that Mini Yang is the latest "it" girl to win '
              'my heart. What impressed me in this role is how versatile Yang '
              'is. Yang is constantly cute and perhaps the one character in '
              'the film that can link more to reality at a human level. Her '
              'giggles, laughs, cute-eyed look and comic timing is all at show '
              'here. While on surface, it seems like an easy role to play, it '
              'should not be underestimated, as it is a kind of role that can '
              'so easily go the route of being outright annoying and a waste '
              'of space. Instead Yang is able to glue the audience to the '
              'screen and turn her small role into a scene stealing '
              'performance. Putting aside my personal bias, Yang is still an '
              'actress to watch for years to come.It must be said that one '
              'cannot stop being disappointed in the lack of a need for 3D or '
              'perhaps for the film not making most of the technology on hand. '
              'While "Painted Skin: The Resurrection" is beautiful to look at '
              'and at times the bright contrast and use of colours in the '
              'scenery and backdrop is breathtaking to endure. On the other '
              'hand, in the battle scene where the shooting of thousands of '
              'arrows is disappointing to say the least, despite obviously '
              'taking a page out of Zhang Yimou\'s infamous "Hero" scene. '
              'While Yimou did not have the same technology back in 2002, '
              '"Skin" fails to stretch the 3D technology and the result lacks '
              "the outcome of Yimou's earlier work. The film always lacks the "
              'vital ingredient of fight sequences, this may be due to the '
              'departure of Donnie Yen, but for the few fights that is '
              'included, almost all of them are well-choreographed. However, '
              'sometimes, less is not more, when the film could have done with '
              'at least a few more elaborated staged fights.All in all, '
              '"Painted Skin: The Resurrection" is easily a crowd pleaser and '
              "in many ways more of the same as the 2008's original. What I "
              'really enjoy about these kinds of fantasy films are the manner '
              'in which it allows you to escape into another world. Imagine '
              'having a dream which compose of the seductiveness of Zhou Xun, '
              'the sympathetic looks of Zhao Wei and the cute-eyed Mini Yang. '
              'For me, it is more like a dream come true. Still, "Skin" is by '
              'no means a perfect movie and as with most dreams there are '
              'numerous plot holes, flaws and unrealistic moments, but if one '
              'is able to totally suspend your beliefs, then one can truly '
              'enjoy the experience. At the end of the day, sometimes when '
              'watching a film like "Painted Skin: The Resurrection" it is all '
              'about entertainment and for me, just thinking of the trio of '
              'actresses, I am already finding it hard to resist. Most '
              'certainly a dream-like experience\x85'
              ' (Neo, 2012) Neo rates it 8/10 www. thehkneo.com/blog',
 'tt2385138': "I saw 'Lethal Hostage' at a film festival in which I had the "
              'pleasure of meeting the director and to gain some insights that '
              "perhaps aren't obvious to the average English-language viewer. "
              'For one thing, the title in Chinese is something more like '
              '"Storms Over the Border" rather than "Lethal Hostage", which '
              "the director doesn't like.This crime story is incredibly "
              'artistic. The moods and colour schemes perfectly accompany the '
              'complex, yet relatively simply told story. The acting is '
              'well-directed. But what really stood out to me was the sound '
              'scheme (both the music and the sound design). It was almost '
              'like another character in the film. It was so present, and yet '
              'never overbearing, and contributed wonderfully to the rhythm '
              "and mood of the film. I've rarely seen films use sound so "
              "well.I want to throw in a mention of the director, Cheng Er's "
              'incredible talents. This is his second film in fourteen years. '
              'He not only wrote and directed this film, but also edited it, '
              'and contributed heavily to the sound design.I would recommend '
              'this film to anyone interested in crime-related Chinese art '
              'films.',
 'tt2393829': "Watched this film on Mother's Day with mom and auntie, and my "
              'first Chinese film in 2012 from the young talented sensation, '
              'Hao Ning, who has been acclaimed as the savior of the '
              'contemporary Chinese film mishap because of his sleeper hit '
              'CRAZY STONE (2006), a low- budget crime-comedy, which combines '
              "the acumen of Guy Ritchie's gangster hotchpotch and provincial "
              'domestic slapstick. But his previous work WESTERN SUNSHINE '
              '(2010) has been left on the shelf owing to the ill- fated '
              'disapproval from the bureau censorship (the reason behind is a '
              "moot point), and hasn't been released yet, so GUNS N'ROSES "
              'seems to be a vital correction to cater for a safe passage for '
              "the market and one should doubt the content of compromise's "
              "existence and what's more essential, how much? The film is "
              'medium letdown when juxtaposed with CRAZY STONE, the narrative '
              'is shrunk into a straightforward rite-of-passage of a young '
              "man's identity swap from street hooligan to a revolutionist, "
              "while unfortunately being cliché-ridden and Ning's comedic "
              'flicker pops up rather occasionally, which is the major '
              "setback, also aside from Jianyin Lei's protagonist, other "
              'character depiction is quite stereotyped and all the lines are '
              'by and large plain and moderately kitschy.Obviously Ning has '
              'learnt a good lesson to acquire the survive principle of the '
              'game, and the film is generally acceptable and is able to '
              'entertain a considerable size of local audience, blending '
              "tragedy and comedy is a delicate job, Ning's capacity is "
              'adequate but it is sheerly not satisfactory according to his '
              'surging domestic fame. But its box-office boost is a precious '
              'outcome being against Hollywood mega-invader THE AVENGERS '
              '(2012), which shows that Ning has firmly built up his own brand '
              'successfully and his successive moves are more arresting than '
              'the film itself, anyway, so far so good!',
 'tt2401825': 'The ending of the movie reminds us that no matter what we go '
              'through in life, we should never forget our own value. We all '
              'go through difficult times and are susceptible to forgetting '
              'who we are. The ending moves us by reminding us that we are '
              "precious no matter what we've gone through and no matter what "
              'we are forced to deal with. It is an important reminder to '
              'everyone living in an ever-changing world.',
 'tt2452990': 'A senior on the street calls them "The Rock\'N Roll Youth." '
              'These are a small band of disaffected young Beijing residents '
              'whom the director befriended and videotaped over a course of '
              'time, as they struggled with their addiction to drugs.We see '
              'them on the move, dodging the authorities when they can, and we '
              'learn from the conversation and from intertitles as several of '
              'them disappear on occasion into the state corrections system.We '
              'meet the poor, elderly mother of one of them, a girl who her '
              'friends try to get money for to wean her off her habit.The '
              'title, we learn at the end from another as he is in bed '
              'recuperating, comes from the idea that a delicate folded piece '
              'of paper can be made into something that will fly for a while, '
              'but that its inevitable fate is to come crashing to the '
              'ground.I found this a touching portrait of an aspect of modern '
              'Chinese life most of us do not know, and it benefited from the '
              'filmmaker being on the inside and not overplaying his hand.',
 'tt2458444': "It's a real waste of social resources, rambling and confusing, "
              'with all the cuts stiff and the acting pompous, and perfectly '
              'in keeping with the lowest form of making a bunch of people cry '
              'and laugh on camera in an attempt to create an atmosphere of '
              'sadness and joy. After watching you will really laugh and cry, '
              'the whole film only liu yan and xiao qiang figure is the '
              'selling point, the rest of nothing. Domestic films suck at the '
              'highest level...',
 'tt2459022': 'Fun filled travel based comedy from China. This road movie was '
              "similar to 'Due Date' and 'Planes, Trains & Automobile'. Like "
              'those two titles, our protagonist from this movie must team up '
              'with a crazy man to accomplish the unexpected hurdles in his '
              "trip. Actually, in another perspective, it was like 'Rat Race' "
              "and 'Its a Mad Mad Mad Mad World' where characters from the "
              'movie must reach their destination before one another. So they '
              'are ready to take any kinda risk to achieve their goal. Those '
              'wild journeys are what we are going to enjoy in this movie. '
              'Excellent pace and non stop engaging plot keeps you alive '
              'throughout.Two scientists invented a formula to increase the '
              'volume of any kinda liquid. So these Chinese scientists begin '
              'the quest to find their biggest shareholder who is in Thailand. '
              'But they got different agenda, one to get a funding contract to '
              'study further and another to sell it to a French company. In '
              "the race they encounter each other's trap which drag them a "
              'simple expedition to long lasting.This has been the highest '
              'gross movie ever in China and breaking all the previous '
              "records, including James Cameron's 'Avatar'. I have seen many "
              'similar movies from Hollywood and Europe, but not that many '
              'from Asia so I found it a nice one. The lead actor himself '
              'directed it for the first time and did a wonderful job. The '
              'movie had captured lots of beautiful places from interior '
              'Thailand. If entertainment is your top priority then it will '
              'fulfill your wish. If you are expecting good story, still it '
              'will convince but depends on the way you take it. Chinese and '
              'Hong Kong movies are famous for presenting martial art in it. '
              'That is how many from west know about movies from these places '
              'so if you wanna try other than that it will do a justice.',
 'tt2460488': 'Originally scheduled to be released last October but delayed '
              'due to problems with heavy post-production work, not to mention '
              'countless editing by the director, the end result is at best a '
              'patchy piece of work passing off as a Chinese version of '
              'Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol.Directed and written by '
              'newcomer Jay Sun, Switch is a high octane action espionage '
              'thriller filled with globe-trotting locations, an array of '
              'gizmos mostly in the form of Nokia smartphones, flashy Audi '
              'cars and a star studded cast including HK superstar Andy Lau, '
              "Taiwan's top model Lin Chiling (Red Cliff) and Chinese actors "
              'Zhang Jingchu (Protégé) and Tong Dawei (Treasure Inn).You might '
              'think this is going to an exciting, jaw-dropping action '
              'extravaganza for the next 112 minutes but like me, your jaw is '
              'going to drop for the wrong reasons.After a clumsy prologue '
              'which establishes the value of the famous Yuan Dynasty scroll '
              'Dwelling in the Fuchun Mountains, we are introduced to several '
              'characters - namely our hero, Xiao Jinhan (Andy Lau), a secret '
              'agent who is married to an insurance project director Lin Yuyan '
              '(Zhang Jingchu; while the villains include the generically '
              'named Yamamoto (Tong Dawei), an ambiguous agent, Lisa (Lin '
              'Chiling), a weird underworld leader, Empress (Siqin Gaowa) and '
              'a bunch of Caucasian thugs. What is supposedly an '
              'easy-to-follow, good versus evil action thriller becomes a hot '
              'mess under the hands of Jay Sun.Obviously, Sun has no idea how '
              'to shoot an intense action scene or at least keep you on the '
              'edge of your seat. He prefers to jump from one scene to another '
              'without much coherence thrown in. Agent Xiao just propels from '
              'the ceiling all of a sudden. And why is Yamamoto so mesmerised '
              'by the painting? Oh we are supposed to believe Lisa is also '
              'carrying a torch for Agent Xiao. This is no music video mind '
              'you and it becomes increasingly frustrating to watch the '
              'characters as they spout their lines without much emotion and '
              "continuity. There's so much on the screen but everything just "
              'seems jarringly off. To his credit, Sun doeshave an eye for '
              'visuals; the production design is so rich and colourful, you '
              'are better off admiring the artistic touches instead of '
              'following the story.This is an absolutely embarrassing gig for '
              'Andy Lau - just when you thought the charismatic idol finally '
              'has a chance to showcase his acting in productions liked A '
              'Simple Life and Detective Dee, Switch only makes him looks '
              'nothing more than a walking, fighting mannequin. Tong Dawei '
              'equally suffers as the tortured, psychotic villain with a '
              'laughingly bad white hairdo while Lin Chiling received the '
              'worst treatment of all, she ends up as a irritable moaning, '
              'seductive character.Our palms turned sweaty when we watch Tom '
              'Cruise hanging off the skyscraper in Dubai; though we never '
              'really feel a thing for Agent Xiao when he fight off a few '
              'thugs and crashed his car in the grand Atlantis in Dubai as '
              'well. Sun tries to imitate even to a certain extent by engaging '
              'Hollywood stunt choreographer and 3D experts for this movie. '
              'Everything that worked in the Cruise vehicle fails in epic '
              'proportions for Switch however. It never picks up from the '
              'get-go and simply splutters all the way to the '
              'credits.www.moviexclusive.com',
 'tt2460590': 'Almost everything about this movie was gorgeous--the sets, the '
              'costumes, the cinematography, the lighting, and Regina Wan. '
              'Unfortunately, the story was totally void of emotions and the '
              'lack of chemistry between the main actors was painful to watch. '
              "And the saddest part--you'll learn more about Liu Rushi from "
              'Wikipedia than you ever will from "Threads of Time".\n'
              'All in all, i would recommend this movie only to Regina Wan '
              'fans.',
 'tt2461124': 'Sorry to say, but I found this Chinese documentary, directed by '
              'Hao Wu, to be rather disjointed, as the film lacked a smooth '
              "flow. It's only in the final third of the movie that I felt it "
              'clicked and had some pizazz.It focuses on the graduating class '
              'of the Central Academy of Drama, in Beijing, as they prepare '
              'for the first joint venture of China and Broadway. The young '
              'adults, with collaboration from American musical directors, '
              'will be cast and begin rehearsals for a production of the stage '
              'musical "Fame".As is usually the case in these types of '
              'documentaries, a few of the students are highlighted, and '
              'through interviews with them and their parents, we get to see '
              "their varied backgrounds and upbringings. They're products of "
              'the One-Child Policy, imposed in China in 1979. They express '
              'many doubts about their ability to secure employment in the '
              'arts field upon their graduation, both in China and abroad. '
              'They relate that the percentage of those that are successful is '
              'minuscule, yet they persevere in the hope that they can be one '
              'of the few to "make it".Unfortunately, as mentioned, it\'s only '
              'in the final third of the movie that we really get to see some '
              "of their talents, as they're on stage with their performances "
              'of "Fame". Up to that point, I have to admit I had trouble '
              'focusing on the subject at hand, as the film seemed to jump '
              'around too much and was confusing. We do get an update at the '
              'very end, as to what success or lack thereof some of the '
              'students had in the entertainment field, some 3 years after the '
              'documentary concluded.',
 'tt2505376': "The filmmaker follows the US's first ambassador to China in "
              'modern times as he and his family (including their adopted '
              'Chinese-born daughter) travel in China. It is a uniquely '
              "insider's view of a place many Americans are deeply curious "
              "about. As the filmmaker gets to know Huntsman's family better, "
              'the Chinese-born daughter, Grace, becomes a more central '
              'figure, and even narrates some segments. Also, there is a '
              'terrifying section (for this viewer) when there is confusion '
              'about the tickets and the filmmaker is nearly put off the train '
              'headed to Tibet. The portions filmed in Tibet had to be done '
              'surreptitiously, which emphasised the lack of freedom of '
              "information. For this viewer, the director's efforts to "
              'maintain a perspective of fairness was a bit frustrating, but '
              'at lease you know you can trust she is not colouring her '
              'information.',
 'tt2507472': 'This documentary follows three different individuals and their '
              'struggles with the education system in China. The lack of '
              'narration from the film maker allows each individual to tell '
              'their story. It is a sad film and there is not a lot of hope '
              'shown for the individuals.',
 'tt2513344': 'The subject is fate\x85'
              ' or karma\x85'
              ' or personal feng shui, if you will. An uneducated, uncultured '
              'woman pushes her husband and child. She loves them, but she is '
              'abrasive, and frankly, very difficult to live with. She simply '
              'knows no other way. Sadly, her behavior helps drive her husband '
              'to make some very destructive choices, and since he is far '
              'closer to the boy than she, the boy grows to despise her. The '
              'situation grows worse as circumstances lead to the permanent '
              'absence of the father, an absence that leads her to make some '
              'extremely painful sacrifices in order to better assure a good '
              'life for her boy. Still, she is never able to break the ice and '
              'emotionally connect with the child. Instead, she allows the '
              "child to be raised by her husband's mother while she works "
              'overtime to support the three of them as a human ox, literally '
              'carrying the burden of others for a living. And does the '
              'grandparent appreciate this? No, she too blames the woman for '
              "her son's absence, and through her closeness with the grandson, "
              'further plants the seeds of hatred within him.Then again, maybe '
              "the mother's sacrifices aren't so selfless. Maybe she is simply "
              'looking after herself, supporting the pair so that her son, one '
              'day, will be in a better position to support her. In the end, '
              "the film provides no easy answers. Everyone's pain is both "
              'understandable and inexcusable. And all that an unskilled, '
              'manual laborer can do is simply keep pushing along.',
 'tt2543698': 'This movie is excellent. Now, if you are looking for a bang, '
              'bang, shoot-em up, explosion type movie, then I would suggest '
              'watching a Micheal Bay movie. But if you are a fan of '
              'Traditional Kung Fu movies then this movie will not disappoint. '
              'The cinematography of this movie is similar to House of Flying '
              'Daggers or Crouching Tiger. The fight scenes are subtle, not '
              'your over the top, jump off a building with a flying kick type '
              'action scenes. But anybody who knows real kung fu will see that '
              "this movie is bringing the real deal. I don't usually write "
              'reviews, but I felt compelled to offer a more balanced review '
              'than the one provided by the other reviewer.',
 'tt2557256': 'Let us begin by setting the record straight. We are big Donnie '
              "Yen fans. Even before he became a household name with 'Ip Man', "
              'we admired the kung fu star for his uniquely thrilling moves in '
              "'SPL'. Still, even his most loyal fans will probably be "
              'wondering just why he has appeared in one bad movie after '
              'another in recent times. Indeed, his last good one was Peter '
              "Chan's 'Wu Xia' back in 2012; since then, 'Together', 'Special "
              "ID' and 'The Monkey King' have not only been bad movies, at "
              'least the first two have approached the point of being '
              "unwatchable, which is something we'd thought we'd never say "
              "about a Donnie Yen film.'Iceman' could very well have been that "
              "turning point in Yen's string of duds. Its source material was "
              "Clarence Fok's 1989 martial arts fantasy 'The Iceman Cometh', "
              'an entertaining blend of action, comedy, romance and period '
              'drama starring Yuen Biao, Maggie Cheung and Yuen Wah. Its '
              'budget is an eye-popping HK$200 million dollars. And even '
              'before its release, there has been much hype about a climactic '
              "sequence set on Hong Kong's iconic Tsing Ma Bridge which cost "
              'an additional HK$50 million dollars to film because the '
              "authorities wouldn't give the filmmakers permission to do so on "
              'location. In essence, this Captain America of the East was '
              'supposed to be big-budget action blockbuster spectacle, weighty '
              "enough to warrant a two-parter release not unlike 'Red "
              "Cliff'.Yet after all that hype, 'Iceman' is worse than 'The "
              "Monkey King' and almost as bad as 'Special ID'. Much of that "
              'has to do with the tonally incoherent plot by Lam Fung which '
              'manages to be overplotted and dramatically undernourished at '
              "the same time. Working upon the original's concept of a Ming "
              'Dynasty warrior who awakens 400 years later to find himself in '
              'modern-day Hong Kong and continue a feud that began as far '
              'back, Lam throws in multiple subplots criss-crossing present '
              "and past. There is Yen's search for a time-travelling Golden "
              'Wheel of Time that is operated by a key called the Linga. There '
              'is a corrupt Police Commissioner (Simon Yam) bent on recovering '
              'Yen and his fellow frozen guards to apparently sell them to the '
              "North Koreans. And last but not least, there is Yen's budding "
              'romance with a nightclub hostess (Eva Huang), who is caring for '
              "her sickly mother in an expensive old folks' home.The "
              'combination of so many disparate parts makes for an extremely '
              "disjointed whole, and it doesn't help that director Law Wing "
              'Cheong seems entirely overwhelmed at maintaining some semblance '
              'of coherence. His storytelling lurches backwards and forwards '
              'across time with little narrative flow or momentum - and what '
              'makes it worse is just how tonally jarring the shifts are, from '
              'comedy to romance to period fantasy and then to surprisingly '
              'graphic action. Law also seems to have gone way out of his '
              "league from the Johnnie To-like rom-coms ('2 Become 1' and "
              "'Hooked on You') and crime dramas ('Punished') to large-scale "
              "blockbuster territory - notwithstanding his little-seen 'The "
              "Wrath of Vajra' last year - and simply lost his footing even on "
              'the very basic level of staging a compelling enough '
              'sequence.The same could be said of lead star and action '
              'director Donnie Yen. Even when everything else was a letdown, '
              'the very marquee name of Yen promised that at least the action '
              'would not disappoint; alas not even in that regard does '
              "'Iceman' count for anything. Save for the much touted finale on "
              'the Tsing Ma bridge, the rest of the action sequences here seem '
              'almost like an afterthought, too reliant on the kind of '
              'unrealistic wirework that B-grade properties oft relied on. And '
              'when we finally end up on the bridge, Yen becomes too obsessed '
              'with making this a 3D movie by hurling all sorts of weaponry '
              'towards his audience that it just becomes too gimmicky to take '
              'seriously. It is scant compensation for the seemingly '
              'interminable one half hour wait, and ultimately disappointing '
              'because neither Wang Baoqiang nor Kang Yu as his nemeses are '
              "anywhere near close to being Yen's worthy on screen "
              'opponents.There are occasional pleasures though, and these '
              'often occur at times when the movie simply refuses to take '
              "itself seriously. We're not denying that these slapstick "
              'moments will be utterly cringe-worthy to many, but hey we take '
              'what we can get. For instance, we laughed when Yen first bursts '
              'out of his cryogenic tomb and then releases his urine like a '
              'water cannon. Ditto for his favourite catchphrase literally '
              "translated as 'your mother's breasts' in Chinese. Or how about "
              "when Wang and Yu start learning words like 'chicken curry "
              "spaghetti' from a gang of Indian grifters after saving them "
              'from the cops? There are also other fish-out-of-water comedic '
              "moments that border or belong in cheese, but that's the only "
              "kind of entertainment you're going to get out of 'Iceman'.If "
              "you're going to try to enjoy 'Iceman' therefore, it's important "
              "to set your expectations just right. Don't go in expecting the "
              "kind of popcorn blockbuster that 'Captain America' ever was, "
              'for Chinese cinema has yet to produce a modern-day superhero '
              "movie that didn't suck (think Benny Chan's 'City Under Siege'). "
              "Don't go in expecting the kind of good old-fashioned martial "
              "arts action Donnie Yen presented in 'Ip Man' or the kind of "
              "gritty MMA fighting in 'SPL' or 'Special ID', for there is "
              'nothing but a gimmicky 3D sequence right at the end that '
              "matters at all. And don't go in expecting this to be any better "
              "than Yen's recent batch of movies, for this is just one more in "
              'a bad streak that we hope will be frozen forever in time.',
 'tt2599716': 'The reviews I have seen that rate this really low mostly have '
              'the same complaints. "Not enough action," Not enough humor." '
              'Personally I liked the fact that Jackie is going in a different '
              "direction. He is admitting that he's getting older. Instead of "
              'pretending he can still kick ass like when he was 30 ( *cough* '
              'Stallone, Schwarzenegger *cough* ) he is following more in the '
              'steps of Clint Eastwood. In a way he reminded me of Robin '
              'Williams. When Robin gives up his clown persona and makes a '
              'movie like One Hour Photo, he shows he can really act. Well '
              'Jackie is moving away from his Kung Fu Clown persona and '
              "relying more on his acting. And he's showing that he has the "
              'chops. I originally rated this movie higher, because I was '
              'unfairly judging it as a Jackie Chan movie.But I changed my '
              'score to a seven because I think that is a more objective '
              'rating. The movie does have some problems with the script, '
              'directing and editing. But it is by no means horrible. Perhaps '
              'some of the problems could have been fixed with a bigger '
              'budget. But then again, Hollywood size budgets are certainly no '
              'guarantee of quality either. In short. If you do not require '
              'constant impractical martial arts action, or silly slapstick, '
              'then you will enjoy this for what it is. An action-drama, with '
              'enough action to satisfy your blood lust, but also an attempt '
              'at telling an interesting story.',
 'tt2644714': 'This movie is not as bad the reviews if taken as a comedy which '
              "I am sure is it's intent. I found it be very humorous and "
              'amusing and I am not a huge fan of International humor. To me '
              "as a Westerner International Humor just doesn't come across "
              'however the physical humor in this was very funny and there is '
              'nothing wrong with the plot. The script however needed some '
              'polish to be sure and that is why I rate it 7 out of 10. I '
              'would give it a 9 for the excellent use of CGI in making some '
              'very funny fight scenes and some of the verbal jokes and not so '
              'physical insinuations are amusing as well. The dialog does get '
              'muddled though in the middle of the movie and it probably could '
              'have been edited a bit better. In conclusion I would say the '
              'comedy and action scenes are worth putting up with what seems '
              'an unpolished film.',
 'tt2664074': 'I saw this film during the Rotterdam film festival 2013 (IFFR), '
              'where it was part of the official Tiger Award competition. The '
              'first hour was promising, nicely visualized and an interesting '
              'plot. It does one long for a logical continuation and a '
              'gratifying finale. How our main character (Fang Lei) looses her '
              'child, is a bit vague but still anything can work out for '
              'better or for worse (being labeled as Drama, probably worse). '
              'Good acting, an unconventional story, so what will happen '
              'next??Alas, the last half hour was lost on me: too many '
              'priests, fortune tellers and other misty figures, all of them '
              "failing to solve anything. It's a pity, as one can think of "
              'much better endings. The initial situation that started the '
              'film, offered a lot of possibilities, so many that I cannot '
              'understand how and why these opportunities got lost in the '
              'process.All in all, I see no reason to recommend this film. It '
              'is not a ghost story, contrary to the synopsis on the festival '
              'website. Albeit mysterious, the nightly visitor does not make '
              'it such. It is not satire either, but someone living in China '
              'may see that differently.',
 'tt2720826': 'I wanted to throw my popcorn at the screen!! This is cash grab '
              'garbage, crock of s***. The director has turned Bruce Lee into '
              'a caricature. This is spitting on the memory of Bruce Lee. As a '
              'loyal fan of Bruce Lee and as an Asian, this film seriously '
              'offends me. ENOUGH! We in the Asian communities will make sure '
              'this film earns ZERO dollars. The script is shockingly dull and '
              "absurd, the fight scenes aren't exceptional, the stunt guy who "
              'plays Bruce Lee captures zero essence of Bruce Lee, his acting '
              'pure ham. The director should go back to writing to spare us '
              'further torture. ******** BIRTH OF A DRAGON is NOT sanctioned '
              'by the Lee family ******** '
              'http://www.yomyomf.com/your-1st-look-at-birth-of-a-dragon/',
 'tt2728286': 'I lived in Sanlitun for two years and so I was intrigued by '
              'this movie from the first moment I heard about it. I was just '
              'now finally able to locate a copy on a Chinese web site and I '
              'eagerly anticipated clicking play, if only to count the places '
              'I recognized.And the disappointment began almost '
              'immediately.Life in Beijing for an expat is an amazing journey '
              "that is almost impossible to convey to anyone who hasn't "
              'experienced it. I hoped that this movie would help me explain '
              'some of the strange realities of everyday life. The opportunity '
              'to create a story that is really interesting and real is so '
              'rich and fertile.But the producers of this movie did not take '
              'that route. In quick succession we are introduced to a series '
              'unsympathetic characters. Actually, this story does not have '
              'characters, only caricatures. The protagonist, Gary, is a sad '
              'sack of epic proportions. I have met some assholes like Frank, '
              'but none so obvious. Still together these two provide the expat '
              'version of Dumb and Dumber.The sequence with the school and the '
              'restaurant are more interesting, but while the principal is the '
              'best drawn of the stereotypes she is still not realistic enough '
              'and the fawning Momo is over the top.While the basic situations '
              'are all too common in China, the reality of how they play out '
              'is never so simple.While I can recommend this movie to other '
              'foreigners who have lived in China, it runs more like an inside '
              'joke that would not be near as interesting to general '
              'audiences.',
 'tt2759302': 'It is really a good film. This film took a deep look into '
              "people's relationships and the protection and collision of the "
              'culture. There are several brilliant bridge plots in this film: '
              'The spider man shadow figure and spider man door-god; Grandpa '
              'and Brooks sang songs together; The relationships between '
              'grandpa and grandson saved the marriage. All these details made '
              "this film become outstanding and unique. Moreover, 'Spider man "
              "and Wukong could be good friends' also shows the director's "
              'expectation for the relationship between China and USA. Shadow '
              'figures, Shanxi dialogue show the desire of the director trying '
              'to remind people of saving traditional culture. Besides, '
              "grandpa's acting is excellent. Especially at the end of film, "
              'Brooks was taken away by his mom, grandpa said nothing but '
              "people can feel everything by grandpa's facial expression. "
              'However, there are still some parts that are not perfect. The '
              'relationships between father and son is not impressive compared '
              'to the relationships between grandpa and grandson. The other '
              'actors acting skills can not impress the audience. The biggest '
              'pity is that this film does not show us how Brooks missed his '
              'grandpa after he went back America. This film would be much '
              'better if it should get a better sponsor. Anyway, it is '
              'absolutely a worth-seeing film and also a brilliant one as a '
              'low budget film.',
 'tt2765340': 'I actually saw this movie during a flight to Shanghai and '
              'really enjoyed it. Award winning Chinese actress/singer Zhao '
              'Wei makes her directorial debut in "So Young" and does a fine '
              'job. Most of the actors are newcomers, which I found '
              "refreshing. Lead female Yang Zishan's performance was great and "
              'I expect she will be a successful working actress for years to '
              "come.I won't write any spoilers or plot lines, but only say "
              'that this film simply deals with life - friendships, '
              'relationships, love, loss, the decisions we make in our youth '
              'and how those decisions shape our adult lives. These things are '
              'universal; one need not be Chinese to enjoy this picture. As an '
              'American, I found it to be wonderful.',
 'tt2770484': "The second, and indeed final, film I ventured to at this year's "
              "Raindance Festival in London was a slow burner. 'Forgetting to "
              "know you' (or 'Mo Sheng' if you're that way inclined) is the "
              'only IMDb- known film from director Ling Quan, though is '
              'produced by modern master of Chinese cinema, Jia Zhang-ke, '
              'giving it an additional notch of interest, as well as a stamp '
              'of his influence on the film. Starting off as a slow-paced tale '
              'about a couple and their child, initially it is unclear as to '
              'the exact nature of their relationship. Divorced, separated, '
              'still together but probably having less sex than before, we are '
              'unsure, though it is clear that all is not well. Shot in a '
              "manner similar to that of Zhang-ke's slow-paced realism, the "
              'film takes a while to get into before the real story starts to '
              'unfold. With neither party in the relationship exactly great at '
              'communicating with the other, a night messing around on the '
              'Internet leads the husband, Cai, to uncover elements of his '
              "wife Chen's past. The discovery leads dormant questions to "
              'resurface, forcing the couple further apart leading to the '
              "ultimate finale to be raised. 'Forgetting to know you' takes "
              'some patience to start. Not exactly a long film, it does, '
              'however, take a while to get going, but once it finally does, '
              'you do find yourself drawn into the story as it develops, '
              "peaking your interest at the film's quite abrupt and "
              "inconclusive ending. This is the film's strength: While other "
              'films can drag and leave you looking for the end credits, this '
              'one sees your interest rise and rise before an anti-climactic, '
              'but not altogether dissatisfying conclusion. The fact that the '
              'film ends leaving things unresolved only adds to this - the '
              'ending of an episode of a TV series that leads you yearning for '
              'the next. Being produced by Zhang-ke, there is a minimalist '
              'feel throughout, with less in the way of editing and letting '
              'the camera roll through scenes. Some interesting side view '
              'dolly shots could have been used more, though the photography '
              "is strong throughout. What is good about 'Forgetting to know "
              "you' is the continuation of the style of modern Chinese cinema "
              'looking at the bleaker side of change in the country, with a '
              'realism that may not always entertain but leave you with '
              "something you won't immediately forget. "
              'politic1983.blogspot.co.uk',
 'tt2772570': 'I\'ve enjoyed this "Year of the snake"- themed Pleasant Goat '
              'movie this year in 2013. It always reminded me of "Disney\'s '
              'Mulan 2 and The Little Mermaid 2: Return to the Sea" movie '
              'without a doubt.I like the part where Xi Yang Yang and his goat '
              'friends fight Hui Tai Lang, in which his Purple 5th movie '
              "costume reminds me of Shan Yu fighting Mulan in Disney's Mulan "
              "movie in 1998.I've also liked the part where Xiao Hui Hui's and "
              "Lan Yang Yang's Friendly bond always reminded me of Prince Eric "
              "of Monaco and Princess Ariel of Atlantica from Disney's The "
              'Little Mermaid movie in 1989.Also, Not to mention the fact that '
              '"Pleasant Goat - The 4th Movie" was surprisingly licensed by '
              'Lionsgate (USA) in America, of course.Overall, If you like '
              'Disney movies, this Pleasant Goat movie is for you. :D',
 'tt2779050': 'The movie is about the life of Xiao Hong. She was the Emily '
              'Dickson of China. The scripts are totally rely on her few books '
              'A ballad of Hulan. The narrator is exactly reading from her '
              'books and her books were loved by so many. It has sentimental '
              'value to every mainland Chinese who read her works in text '
              'books. Another movie of her life is The golden Era, following '
              'almost the same story line, but better produced. I wish you can '
              'read her books if you ever want to watch it again. Still, it is '
              'a biography with so much respects but falling low on some '
              "acting and directing. I'd like to thank you for watching it and "
              'writing such a truthful review.',
 'tt2781010': "I saw this movie at Montreal's Festival des films du monde. "
              "It's a movie with some nice scenery and cinematography shot in "
              'Southwest China and Burma. However, I feel the movie lack a bit '
              'profound message that should ponder people more to a '
              'self-examination, when the conflicts arisen between love, '
              'personal ambition, reality, family obligation, personal choice '
              'and money. What would be "your choice"?It makes the leading '
              'actor look like an artist who was lost in his own desires. The '
              'way how he chose to protest, how to compensate, seems weak. I '
              'wonder such artist would ever be as successful as the movie '
              'portraits in the end - having his international fame and a '
              'happy family in the big city, yet has chosen to leave behind '
              'his old love who kept his promise, the place and person who '
              'were once his inspiration. Unless he was just commercially '
              "successfully. I can't even judge that he indeed fell in love "
              'with Nan Suo, or he was just being fooled by himself when he '
              'saw a better, more promising prospective in front of his '
              'eyes.Based on this reason only, I give it 7 out of 10.For the '
              'people who would like to know Chinese culture, I would '
              'encourage to go to the cinema. It does reflect values in modern '
              'China and in remote areas.',
 'tt2822672': 'I saw the trailer for this, which played along with the trailer '
              'for Sing, which I think may have hurt the ratings for this '
              'partially. Both cliché movie ideas that BOTH turned out to be '
              "well done in the end. I thought I wouldn't watch either, but "
              'did, but I do find I like this movie better than Sing- '
              'primarily because of Sing being another American Idol, Got '
              'Talent, etc reminiscent flick/show and piggybacking on that old '
              "hype. Rock Dog has clichés, but it's certainly more heartfelt "
              "and uplifting, you can't help but adore Bodi's cheerful "
              'attitude and blissful innocence. (The last couple end songs '
              'were pretty good, too, which is also surprising.) I give this '
              'movie a rating of 8 / 10 because I would have preferred perhaps '
              'a few different voice actors better suited and the animation '
              'models to have more variety within species- say, the '
              'crocodiles. Not that I expect it to be as diverse as the '
              'heavily funded Zootopia, which had each shown '
              'character/background character in the film with its own '
              'character sheet and specialized design/sculpt and even gait; I '
              'just wish there had been a bit more variation in some of the '
              'designs; it makes sense, I suppose, for the sheep to be over '
              "simplified to push the purposeful trope. I digress. . .It's a "
              "simple storyline that we've seen before with simple character "
              "models/sculpts, but it's heartfelt, sometimes comedic, with a "
              "bout of passion- it's a truly good feel movie that all ages can "
              'enjoy, I recommend it for a rainy day that needs a pep talk.',
 'tt2852400': 'After some moments of silence, the master of the sixth '
              'generation of Chinese filmmakers, Jia Zhangke returns with his '
              'newest feature "A Touch of Sin" (2013) which might just be his '
              "darkest work to date. It's an intriguing film of sheer "
              'brilliance told through the complexity of several, loosely '
              'connected stories about people in agony. While some fans of the '
              'director may be disappointed by the lack of clairvoyant lyric '
              'beauty, characteristic for example for "Still Life" (2006), '
              'others may find the narrative ambiguity and incoherence rather '
              'enriching. The film begins with an enigmatic scene at a '
              'deserted rural highway where a truck carrying tomatoes has '
              'fallen over. A cold sense of brutality breathes in the air. '
              'Soon the first characters are introduced and we learn that, in '
              'the same way as in "Still Life", "A Touch of Sin" is structured '
              'from different stories with different human fates. In brief, it '
              "tells the story of four random acts of violence in today's "
              'society.Although the stories lack obvious connection, they all '
              'share a few essential elements. First of all, they all escalate '
              'to an outburst of violence. Second, all of them are tales of '
              'social rootlessness and existential alienation. The latter '
              "remark is congruous with the fact that in all of Zhangke's "
              'films the general aspect meets the particular in a poignant '
              'fashion of chill and solitude. Individuals live in their '
              'personal prisons while the modernization of the society brings '
              'nothing but empty freedom. In other words, they live in spaces '
              'that are both private and public where they feel utterly '
              'detached. No one belongs anywhere in the Zhangke universe. Due '
              'to the complexity of several stories, the film also includes '
              'more than one central milieu. However, this seemingly arbitrary '
              "set of different settings of hotels and a coal miners' town do "
              'tell us about veritably similar subjects. All the spaces are '
              'haunted by the same problems. Such conflict of ambiguity and '
              'coherence should not frighten the spectator. Since instead of a '
              'straight-forward narrative with clear character delineation, '
              'Zhangke offers us a fascinatingly cynical cross-section of the '
              'contemporary Chinese society which is, on the one hand, '
              'characterized by economic boom to whose technological '
              'wonderland an individual may vanish, and, on the other, the '
              'tormenting but also comforting legacy of Mao. Modern Chinese '
              'way of life appears to Zhangke as something diverse -- as '
              'something that is in a constant state of change. Like in his '
              'previous features, Zhangke once again focuses on the '
              'transforming reality, the current flow, and its consequences on '
              'the individuals. Although this was already done to an extent in '
              '"Still Life" through the complexity of two overlapping stories, '
              'it also cast hope in humanity, whereas "A Touch of Sin" is far '
              "more pessimistic. Once again Zhangke's aesthetics of cinema is "
              'characterized by the elements of silence and emptiness in the '
              'images of loneliness and alienation. It is as though everything '
              'had died. Only violence is portrayed passionately, all the rest '
              'is understated. The violence in "A Touch of Sin" is raw and '
              'brutal, but essentially stripped. Above all, violence appears '
              'as a melancholic undertone of some kind which reveals the '
              'realities of the society. Even if the opaque and complex '
              'narrative of "A Touch of Sin" left the viewer speechless and '
              'unable to describe what he or she had just seen, there is '
              "always something profound to admire in Zhangke's cinema. In his "
              'films there is always that certain mood which is quite '
              'difficult to be put in words. In brief, it is a mood of '
              'emptiness, but also of utter richness.',
 'tt2888046': 'I will try to keep this spoiler free. Donnie Yen returns for Ip '
              'Man 3, and despite being produced by the same team, the theme '
              'that is explored... is that much deeper. Ip Man focuses on '
              '"Survival", Ip Man 2 focuses on Everyday Life and Making a '
              'Living, while Ip Man 3 focuses on "Life" itself.The audience '
              'will need to pay attention to details to enjoy the movie fully, '
              'starting from the first scene, and really understand how the '
              'first scene relates to the whole story. So... REMEMBER the '
              'first scene! (The Butterfly Scene)There are subtle hints hidden '
              'in the move, be it Bruce Lee\'s quote of "Be Like Water" or '
              '"One-Inch Punch" where viewers really need to pay attention to '
              'the story and choreography to understand.Ip Man 1 and 2 focuses '
              'on grounded action, and realistic choreography. Ip Man 3 has '
              'that, but added another layer of beauty to the movie, thanks to '
              "Yuen Woo Ping(Matrix, Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon)'s "
              'choreography. The details of every fight scene can be enjoyed '
              'and explored. While many think that Ip Man 3 will be just a '
              'martial arts exhibition, but the team managed to bring in a '
              "layer of emotion we have not seen in 1 and 2. Donnie's Ip Man "
              'is now a much more grounded, humble and just that neighborhood '
              "family guy we all love. Donnie Yen's performance here is "
              "nothing sort of amazing.Lynn Hung's performance is also "
              'outstanding.All in all, the movie may not please all critics '
              'and fans who ONLY loves hard-hitting action, but if you are '
              'looking at an Ip Man movie with Great action, great humour and '
              'that sense of touch with a love story, then Ip Man 3 is the '
              'best in the series.',
 'tt2909116': 'It saddens me that this film will not receive a wider audience. '
              'With an English title of "Wolf Totem" very few outside of '
              'France or China will be tempted to see it, but it is their '
              'loss.Wolf Totem manages to bring to the big screen the majesty '
              'and mystery of wolves. But it is much more than a National '
              'Geographic or Animal Planet documentary. (Although those in '
              'themselves would be a great success.) It also invites us into '
              'the world of Inner Mongolia and tells a compelling tale of '
              "human love and loss. This is not Le Renard et L'infant (The Fox "
              'and the Child). It succeeds in telling a much grander tale. The '
              'acting is all very believable and unlike the usual over-the-top '
              'soap opera-esque fare available in most Chinese cinema.But come '
              'for the wolves. I could howl their praises all night long.',
 'tt2910520': 'I opted to watch this on a flight to Dubai against all the '
              'Hollywood offerings that were available....and felt I came up '
              'trumps! The film is well acted and photographed.....I enjoyed '
              'the absence of graphics and effects so prevalent in current '
              'blockbusters....much preferring a good storyline - and this '
              'film provided it. About a pair of young lovers who agree to '
              'break up for 5 years to weigh how life takes them with a '
              'promise to meet in 5 years later and if both are still single '
              "to marry. There are a couple of twists which I didn't entirely "
              'foresee and the acting is excellent. I have to admit that I did '
              'shed a few tears as it touched me. No spoilers here ....so if '
              "you want good film - definitely one I'd recommend.",
 'tt2911342': 'Practical first For Parents: I watched it with my kid, and I '
              'enjoyed it as much as him. Might be a bit dark for young '
              "impressionable kids, but there isn't much gore per se, no "
              'blood, but lots of battle violence. Dragon Nest: Warriors Dawn, '
              'was overall, a wonderful production. I am your average person '
              'who really enjoys movies, animation, gaming, and mythology. I '
              'am a fan of D&D type games and story and this movie feels '
              'exactly like this! I had to write this because so many reviews '
              'were very unfair. There is no way in the world this movie '
              'deserves anything under 6, if you are being overly critical. '
              'The Movie "The Apocalypse 2007" deserves a 1/10 or 2/10 if '
              "you're being generous... just saying. Please be fair in your "
              'ratings. This title has good sound effect, Great animation, '
              'Good voice acting, very cool, familiar Character types: ( light '
              'and dark elves, sorcerers, barbarians, rogues, etc), humour, '
              'drama, everything that makes a story interesting and engaging. '
              'GREAT MUSIC, by that I mean: subtle, timeless, classical '
              'instrument based that sets the tone for every scene and '
              "emotion, it's always there but it never interferes with the "
              'story, very little pop, in other words... well done!Also, Can I '
              'just say that if you are a fan of any fantasy lore, D&D base '
              'games, anime or video games, you will LOVE this. Yes this is '
              'inspired from various fantasy lore, games and/or actual '
              'folklore, but people should realize that Tolkien did not invent '
              'fairy/ Elven/ Fantasy lore... Come on. Neither does Final '
              "Fantasy games own all rights to fantasy/ Magic animations. It's "
              'not a rip off of Wow (if anything, WOW is a ripoff of so many '
              'things of pop culture) Too many over critical people not '
              'appreciating it for what it is. Honestly, there are not enough '
              'animations like this! So much fun to watch. It is not '
              "completely original in it's genre but this does not make the "
              'beautiful animation, fun action combat scenes, silliness, '
              'drama, adorable characters any less good.Looking forward to the '
              'sequel in the summer of 2016!',
 'tt2935510': 'I generally like slow burn psychological dramas which this '
              'movie is supposed to be. Holy mother of God is this a bad '
              'movie. They try to get you emotionally involved in the '
              'father-son drama but have one preposterous plot line after '
              'another.In order to get to Mars you have fly to the light side '
              'of the moon and then drive a car to the dark side of the moon '
              'where you are attacked by moon pirates. Moon pirates?On the way '
              'to Mars, you stop to answer a distress call, kind of like '
              'stopping to help someone with a flat tire. Of course you easily '
              'enter the distressed ship from the outside. And when you enter '
              'you are attacked by a rabid Rafiki from Lion King.Once on Mars, '
              'you are able to sneak into the rocket to Neptune even though '
              'you were standing on the ground under the rocket engines when '
              'the count down was at 10. And, for some reason, you had to swim '
              'underwater in a space suit quite a ways to get to the '
              'rocket.When you get to Neptune, you park your rocket, and I '
              'mean park, on the opposite side of the rings so you have to go '
              'through the rings on the way down to loony pops and come back '
              'through the rings with a makeshift shield that you removed from '
              'the outside of the spacecraft with no tools while wearing a '
              'spacesuit.To get back home from Neptune to Earth you are '
              'propelled the whole way by the nuclear bomb that you used to '
              "destroy loony pops' ship. The ship that was, by the way, "
              'somehow destroying the known universe.The moral of all of this '
              'is that we may be alone in the universe so we should all love '
              'each other.The End.',
 'tt2952602': "As much as we love the 'Ip Man' star, we'll be frank to admit "
              'that Donnie Yen needs a hit – bad. Which is why his latest, '
              "which reteams him with 'Bodyguards and Assassins' helmer Teddy "
              "Chen, is such a huge sigh of relief for us – it packs Yen's "
              'signature brand of hard- hitting action with a compelling '
              'narrative to be both thrilling and moving at the same time, and '
              'is indeed as good a comeback as we could have asked for.The '
              "setup isn't complicated, and fuses the themes in a kung fu "
              'picture into a police procedural. A brief prologue which shows '
              'Yen turning himself in at the police station after killing his '
              'exponent in a fight frames the former, while the latter unfolds '
              'three years later with the emergence of a serial killer who is '
              'targeting experts in different martial arts disciplines, i.e. '
              'boxing, kicking, grappling, weaponry etc. Immediately after '
              "hearing a news report of one such victim, Yen's martial arts "
              'instructor Mo Hahou starts a prison brawl just to get the '
              'attention of its lead investigator (Charlie Yeung), proceeding '
              'to name the others whom he claims would be next.As it turns '
              "out, Yen's portents come true one by one, and he gets a "
              'temporary release from prison to aid in the manhunt. To be '
              'sure, there is no doubt on who that is – an unhinged psychopath '
              'called Fung Yu- sae (Wang Baoqiang) who has just lost his wife '
              'to cancer and now possesses only a murderous motivation to '
              'prove himself the best of the best. Unsurprisingly, the film '
              'builds to an ultimate challenge between Yen and Wang, the '
              "former's motivations and the latter's intentions more personal "
              'and intertwined than what you are likely to have thought at the '
              "start.Chan isn't a storyteller without purpose, and none of "
              "that seems lost in Lau Ho Leung and Mak Tin Shu's tight "
              "scripting from Chan's own story. Chan's character-driven tale "
              "depicts Yen and Wang's on- screen personas as two sides of the "
              'same coin, both of them highly trained pugilists tempted to use '
              'their skills to kill rather than to protect and whose personal '
              'quests for supremacy has blinded them to the consequences of '
              "getting there. It is a familiar conceit all right, but Chan's "
              'incredibly assured direction fleshes it out convincingly.His '
              "ingenuity doesn't quite end there; by placing such themes "
              'within the context of a modern day setting, Chan has truly '
              'accomplished a rare feat of making a contemporary martial arts '
              "movie; in fact, we'd even go as far as to say that 'Kung Fu "
              "Jungle' is the very embodiment of such a movie. The use of "
              'martial arts here makes complete and perfect sense, woven '
              'beautifully into the plotting and given a gritty down-to-earth '
              "polish that makes it all the more authentic. Chan's aim here is "
              'also homage, and eagle-eyed fans of the genre will have a field '
              'day spotting – among others – Mang Hoi, Tony Leung Siu-Hung, '
              'Tsui Siu-Ming, Yuen Cheung Yan and Sharon Yeung in cameos.Yes, '
              "many of these stars have paved the ground on which Yen's "
              'stature as a martial arts actor stands on, and their '
              'appearances – no matter how brief – has clearly energised Yen. '
              'His work as action director here is among his best in years, '
              'but it is probably no coincidence that he is joined by other '
              'luminaries like Yuen Bun and Tung Wai. Each kill provides an '
              'expedient setting for a quick burst of adrenaline, with trained '
              'kung fu actors like Shi Yanneng and Louis Fan in brief but '
              'memorable supporting roles that Wang challenges to a one-on-one '
              'fight to the death. Quick, clean but brutal – they pretty much '
              'establish the tone for the more elaborate setpieces to come, '
              'and it is in the latter that one is reminded why Yen is '
              'arguably the best active kung fu actor out there today. From a '
              "signature 'one against many' brawl in prison to a cat-and-mouse "
              "chase in and out of the stilt houses that form Lantau Island's "
              'fishing community to an exhilarating finish along the Container '
              'Port Road leading out of the Kwai Tsing Container Terminals, '
              'Yen impresses with his speed, agility and execution. In '
              'particular, the latter ranks as one of his best in intensity '
              'and inventiveness, especially with a wowing mid-section that '
              'sees Yen and Wang duelling with wooden poles.If Wang ever '
              "seemed an odd choice for Yen's opponent given his filmography, "
              'the Shaolin-trained Mainland actor finally redeems himself '
              "here. This isn't their first match-up – that ignominy goes to "
              "the atrocious 'Iceman 3D' – but seeing Wang fight the way he "
              'does here is truly an eye-opener, firmly putting to rest any '
              'doubts of his ability in a physically demanding role like this. '
              'Wang is also chillingly good as the snarling murderer whose '
              'hood hides a deliberately scarred face, but is equally '
              'persuasive when portraying the part of a loving husband to his '
              "dying wife. Yen's acting is in equally fine form as an "
              'honourable man wracked by his past demons and trying to stop a '
              'monster for more personal reasons than he is willing to admit '
              "to anyone.Truth be told, we weren't quite sold when we heard "
              "that Yen and Wang were re-teaming after 'Iceman 3D', and if "
              "you're having similar reservations, we're here to tell you that "
              "they are unfounded. 'Kung Fu Jungle' is a thrilling showcase of "
              'martial arts action and gripping storytelling, a shining '
              'example of a contemporary kung fu movie and an earnest and '
              'befitting tribute to a bedrock of Hong Kong cinema.',
 'tt2957680': 'First off, i was attracted by the A list actors who has always '
              'given their best in acting and a good selection of their '
              'scripts but boy was i wrong. This movie is yet another '
              'colonization of good movies by China! It seems that it is '
              'inevitable as A list actors choose money over art! First it was '
              'Andy Lau who takes up any and everything he can get from China, '
              'then it was Stephan Chow and now Louise Khoo, what a disgrace '
              "to the movie industry.I'm sorry if readers feel this is a hate "
              'comment but i speak the truth. China movie industry has not '
              'improve a dart bit through out the years. If China wants to '
              'improve on their artistic culture perhaps they should first '
              'liberalized the industry and improve their moral decay. Shame '
              'on these HK actors with so much experience and talent fallen '
              'prey to greed!!! HK pls choose your partners wisely!',
 'tt2957774': 'I saw this for the first time few days back.\n'
              'It is directed by Benny Chan n some fellas like me may remember '
              'his Who Am I n New Police Story. It has some known n familiar '
              'faces but I dont know too many names of actors from China n '
              'Hong Kong.Three childhood friends as adults r working for the '
              'Narcotics Bureau. One among em has been undercover for a long '
              'time in a gang. His wife is pregnant n he wants to finish off '
              'the gang n start a normal life. His dream of a normal life gets '
              'more delayed when he is informed that the trio has to catch a '
              'much bigger fish with a very weird hairstyle.\n'
              'The entire time while viewing this film I was laughing at the '
              "villain's hairstyle n i was wondering what hairdresser on earth "
              'wud do that n finally when one of the character ridicules him '
              "for that, I couldn't stop laughing loudly.\n"
              'The film has some good action sequences.\n'
              'Bullet shells hitting on the face is unique, the sole of a foot '
              'gets shot, a bullet gets pierced in the cheek n some over the '
              'top, slo mo gun totting scenes. It also has a hand fight '
              'leading to a brutal smashing of the chin.\n'
              'A man gets shot n thrown in a water quarry infested with '
              'crocodiles.\n'
              'Ther is a very bad scene of a man not bleeding to death aft a '
              'hand chopping scene.\n'
              'The location of the water quarry is amazing.\n'
              'Characters r wearing nice watches n one of the watch is Fiyta.',
 'tt2976864': 'I saw this film at the Seattle International Film Festival '
              '(SIFF) and I really enjoyed the story as well as the views of '
              'rural and village China. I travel in China myself by long '
              'distance bus and (not speed) train, the portrayal seemed very '
              'genuine and sincere as well as the scenes of village life. The '
              'shots of the environment were breathtaking and the exploration '
              'of the value of being "unplugged" and connected to family and '
              'roots was just beautiful. I did find it interesting that they '
              'translated "QQ" to "Skype"... I understand why but... I suppose '
              "there wasn't a better option. Anyway, I would highly recommend "
              'this film for anyone who is a lover of travel within China or '
              'is interested modern Chinese culture and scenery. The '
              'vocabulary is great for those learning Mandarin, too.',
 'tt2992146': 'Legendary Hong Kong director Tsui Hark returns to the Tang '
              'Dynasty Sherlock Holmes character which, three years ago, gave '
              'his then-flailing film career a much needed shot in the arm. A '
              'prequel that sees Taiwanese actor Mark Chao stepping into the '
              "titular role once played so memorably by Andy Lau, 'Young "
              "Detective Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon' also sees Tsui Hark "
              "building on his much-lauded maiden stereoscopic movie 'Flying "
              "Swords of Dragon Gate' by delivering a 3D spectacle that puts "
              'many of its Hollywood counterparts to shame. Yes, this is one '
              'of the rare films which boast of the 3D format that we will '
              'actually recommend paying to extra dollars just to see it with '
              'a pair of glasses on - and that is, we may add, from watching '
              'the 2D version no less.Following a rousing prologue that sees '
              'the mighty navy of the Tang Dynasty decimated at sea by a '
              "massive underwater creature, Chao's opening narration "
              'establishes the time and place of the events that follow. It is '
              '665 AD, the joint reign of Emperor Gaozong (Sheng Chien) and '
              'the Empress Wu Zetian (Carina Lau) during a time when the '
              'country is at war with the Fuyu kingdom. Dee is set to take a '
              'job as a magistrate at the Dalisi based in the capital of '
              'Luoyang, an organisation whose mission is to keep the peace and '
              'investigate any disturbances.No thanks to the superstition of '
              'the common folk, the beautiful courtesan Yin Ruiji (Angelababy) '
              'is held as sacrifice to the sea monster at a temple. After he '
              'lip-reads a plot by some bad men to hold her ransom, Dee rushes '
              'to her rescue, only to be confronted by a human-like reptilian '
              'beast that slips away in the melee. Unfortunately for Dee, he '
              "isn't that lucky, his initiative to take action on his own "
              'earning the wrath of the head of the Dalisi, Yuchi Zhenjin '
              "(Feng Shaofeng), who throws him into prison.Dee's rivalry with "
              'Yuchi is one of the recurring themes of the story, which pits '
              'the two as intellectual equals racing to crack the case before '
              "Zetian has the latter's head for incompetence. It is in prison "
              'that Dee meets the Uighur prison doctor Shaluo Zhong (Lin '
              'Gengxin), who will become an effectual sidekick Dee relies on '
              'for advice - especially as it becomes clear that the '
              'explanations he seeks to the phenomena going on around them are '
              "medical in nature. Reunited with his 'Dee' scribe Zhang Jialu, "
              'Tsui Hark spins an intriguing mystery revolving around a '
              'nefarious conspiracy to overthrow the entire kingdom and its '
              'noblemen by an obscure fishing tribe known simply as the '
              "Dongdoers. Tsui's penchant for the fantastical remains intact "
              "here; and while the earlier 'Dee' had a talking deer, this one "
              'figures to throw in a white horse that can swim above and under '
              "water on its way to uncovering the origins of the 'Kraken'-like "
              'gargantuan monster as well as the half-human, half-reptile '
              'animal that seems obsessed with Ruiji. Granted that it does '
              'require some suspension of disbelief on the part of its viewer, '
              'but Tsui ultimately leaves no stone unturned in rationalising '
              'every single detail of his twisty plot.More so than in the '
              "first 'Dee' movie, this one finds Tsui on a much more assured "
              'directorial footing juggling a detective story with a good bit '
              'of palace intrigue and even tongue-in-cheek humour thrown in '
              'for good measure. One of the most amusing bits of the movie is '
              'the antidote Shaluo and his master (Chen Kun) comes up with to '
              'purge the palace officials of the parasitic infestation taking '
              'root in them, a truly delightful little detail that Tsui even '
              'uses to end the movie on a high note in a special scene in the '
              "middle of the closing credits. Tsui's storytelling is brisk and "
              'engaging from start to finish, connecting the dots ever so '
              'fluidly from clue to clue as he pieces together a mesmerising '
              'tapestry of schemes and secrets.Enabling his work at top form '
              "is an excellent technical team, most notably Kenneth Mak's "
              "exquisite production design, Lee Pik-kwan's opulent costumes "
              "and Bruce Yu's overall immaculate image design. It is as "
              'sumptuous a period epic as you have ever seen, and a most '
              'exciting one at that thanks to veteran action director Yuen '
              "Bun's cornucopia of gravity-defying wire-ful sequences. Bun and "
              "Lam Feng's choreography here most resembles that of Tsui's "
              "earlier 'wuxia' pictures, their integration with plenty of "
              "impressive CGI work clearly a product and testament of Tsui's "
              'vivid - and rather awe-inspiring - imagination that had also '
              'undoubtedly conceived the action in 3D right from the get-go. '
              "Amid the visual spectacle, it is to the actors' credit that "
              'their characters remain more than one-dimensional. Feng does '
              'solid work as the stern Yuchi whose initial strong distrust of '
              'Dee gives way to admiration and even respect. Carina Lau '
              "doesn't have much screen time as the Empress, but where she "
              'appears, is never less than captivating in her regalness. But '
              'perhaps the greatest surprise here is Chao, who tempers Andy '
              "Lau's showiness with quiet charisma and wry intelligence that "
              'gives the titular character a more down-to-earth but no less '
              'humbling stature.And once again therefore, Tsui Hark is back at '
              'the very top of his game with yet another outing of this Tang '
              'Dynasty sleuth. Coupling a finely spun mystery with splendid '
              'visuals and spellbinding martial arts action, Tsui cements his '
              "'Dee' franchise as Asia's answer to Guy Ritchie's 'Sherlock "
              "Holmes'. Indeed, the title of this movie is a befitting "
              "metaphor of Tsui's own work here, he the metaphorical sea "
              'dragon that has risen from the depths of his own doldrums to '
              'set the gold standard in blockbuster entertainment for Chinese '
              'cinema.',
 'tt2992152': 'It is a phenomenon how Feng Xiaogang has established himself as '
              'the voice of the people in terms of Mainland Chinese cinema. '
              'Nobody else that makes films as didactic and on-the-nose as he '
              'does and still be so loved and supported. His latest comedy '
              'Personal Tailor is a series of vignettes about its four '
              'employees taking on different clients and making their dreams '
              'come true. The clients include a chauffeur who wants to be an '
              'important authority figure, a schlock B- movie director who '
              'wants to learn the essence of good taste and a working class '
              'cleaning lady who gets to be rich for one day. The vignettes '
              'vary from farce, satire, the absurd and even sometimes the '
              'fantastical. Reality is out of the window but it is the '
              'fable-like quality that holds the piece together.Longtime Feng '
              'Xiaogang leading man Ge You plays his classic comedy archetype, '
              'the swindler with the heart of gold. That character will never '
              "get old. Bai Baihe from last year's hit Love is Not Blind and "
              'Li Xiao Lu from Xiu Xiu: The Sent-Down Girl are both charming '
              'and funny. Jackie Chan and Huang Bao Qiang also make small '
              'cameos to ease the investors, however neither should be a '
              'reason to see the film.The star of the film is Feng Xiaogang '
              'himself, who in each vignette gives us his thoughts and '
              'commentary on topics like social class, materialism, rich vs. '
              'poor and reality vs. dreams. It is fun watching the four leads '
              "run around in costumes and trying to drive their client's "
              'ambitions down so their business turns out a profit, but their '
              'characterizations are not developed. They are merely puppets to '
              'a Feng Xiaogang puppet show and only exist to deliver the '
              "director's multiple messages. The heavy messaging has long been "
              "a trope of Feng's films and it must be said that Personal "
              'Tailor is the most thinly veiled of all his works. If you '
              "haven't seen any of Feng Xiaogang's urban comedies, Personal "
              'Tailor may not be the place to start.Lastly, the movie is too '
              'long. The segment where the team ventures out in the wild to '
              "apologize for man's appalling crimes against nature is too far "
              "fetched and 'tree huggy' for my taste. Personal Tailor is by no "
              "means Feng Xiaogang's best work and it probably wouldn't have a "
              'very long shelf life after its Lunar Year theatrical release. '
              'For English speaking audiences, the film actually has good '
              'subtitles but its humor probably will be lost in translation. '
              "Even for Feng Xiaogang fans, this isn't a movie to own in your "
              'Blu-ray collection. To them I say, go see it in theaters while '
              "it's current and get your laughs from the latest Feng Xiaogang "
              'social commentary. It is a sincere hopeful message, but for me, '
              "it's still too didactic.",
 'tt2993580': 'Bunshinsaba 2, as this movie is more commonly known, is kind of '
              'like if Dead Friend swerved into I Know What You Did Last '
              'Summer, with a little sprinkling of Shutter in there for spice. '
              "Like most Chinese horror movies, there's going to be a Scooby "
              'Doo ending to avoid any possibility of encouraging audiences to '
              'believe ghosts are real, but this movie gives a little tease at '
              'the end that throws everything in doubt. It pulls out all the '
              "vengeful ghost tropes on the way there, and it's not the best "
              'example of this type of movie, but it knows what it is, and it '
              "is determined not to bore you. For that, it's worth more stars "
              "than a lot of straight to streaming dreck I've seen recently. "
              "Some of the 'dun dunnn!' stingers are pricelessly funny, too.",
 'tt2993848': "Four years after the laughably absurd 'Iceman', the concluding "
              'chapter of what was intended as a two-part movie saga is '
              "finally seeing the light of day, although judging by what we've "
              'seen, it would probably have been better for everyone involved '
              'for the sequel to have stayed on ice. Oh yes, despite keeping '
              'our expectations firmly in check, we were still left utterly '
              'astounded by how abysmally bad \'Iceman: The Time Traveller" '
              'is. There is the barest semblance of a story, hardly any '
              'continuity or logic to the chain of events, and just about the '
              "worst acting we've seen of an ensemble in recent time. No one - "
              'not even Donnie Yen, who has publicly distanced himself from '
              'the release of this movie - can and should be excused from this '
              'utter embarrassment, which has been deservedly dealt an '
              'ignominious box-office reception back home in China.Right from '
              "the very lengthy narration by Yen's noble Ming dynasty general "
              "He Ying, you'd already get the sense that something is off. "
              'Some philosophical mumbo-jumbo about time, space and fate '
              'precedes what is essentially an extended recap of the first '
              'movie, in which He Ying had awoken in present-day Hong Kong and '
              'found himself pursued by three of his fellow blood brothers '
              'Cheung/ Yuanlong (Simon Yam), Niehu (Yu Kang) and Sao (Wang '
              'Baoqiang), culminating in what was an epic fight on the Tsing '
              "Ma bridge. To no one's surprise, He Ying survives the fall off "
              'the bridge, and is freed from the morgue by Cheung, who also '
              'breaks Niehu out of police custody. The trio then journey to '
              'Beijing, where they make an unnecessary pitstop at the '
              'Forbidden City before landing up in a cave where the '
              'time-traveling orb they seek has been buried.By that point, it '
              'should be manifestly clear that there are plenty of gaps in '
              'continuity, probably arising from a combination of the '
              'producers deciding to cut their losses (and not invest further '
              'money in shooting/ re-shooting additional scenes) and the stars '
              "deciding to do likewise too. Notwithstanding, that doesn't "
              'excuse the haphazard plotting by veteran Hong Kong screenwriter '
              'Manfred Wong, consisting random detours (such as He Ying and '
              'May helping two Chinese revolutionaries on board a moving train '
              'in 1920s China foil the Tanaka Plan), gratuitous additions '
              '(such as a love triangle among He Ying and his past and present '
              'day lovers) and downright illogical actions (like Yuanlong '
              'allowing He Ying to simply walk away after having set up an '
              'ambush for him involving a whole contingent of armed guards). '
              "Even from what was filmed, it's clear the story needed a whole "
              "lot more work.It doesn't help that director Raymond Yip - to "
              'whom this sequel is credited to, even though former director '
              'Law Wing Cheong had apparently filmed both parts back to back - '
              'rushes from scene to scene as if fearful to dwell too long on '
              "any particular event. So amidst a flurry of scenes, you'll just "
              'barely be able to follow how Ho Ying returns to his family in '
              'Taoyuan village to change the course of history and avert an '
              "impending massacre, Yuanlong's nefarious plans to join forces "
              'with the Japanese General Hojo (Yasuaki Kurata) and overthrow '
              'the young Ming emperor, and last but not least how Sao is '
              "killed by Niehu while trying to stop General Hojo. There's "
              "really no point trying to keep track of what's going on given "
              'how muddled it all is, and especially not when it all '
              'culminates in an ambiguous ending that like the opening tries '
              'its best to get all philosophical yet again.But to be sure, the '
              "fault lies as much with Yen and his co-stars. Yen's performance "
              "is as dull, wooden and aloof as you've ever seen him, and it "
              'looks like he gave up on the movie even during filming itself. '
              'You can tell too from the lacklustre fight scenes, which though '
              'poorly choreographed by Yu Kang, are just as sloppily executed '
              'by Yen. Yam fares no better, and seems content to wear the same '
              'smug from scene to scene. Huang and her fellow female co-star '
              "Maggie (who plays He Ying's previous lover) seem at a lost what "
              'to do with their respective characters, while Yu and Wang '
              'appear to be sleepwalking through familiar personas they can '
              'play with their eyes closed. Like we said, none of the actors '
              'look like they invested any effort, commitment or inspiration '
              'in the film, therefore dooming the movie long before audiences '
              'gave up on it.As much as you might be keen to check out how bad '
              "this movie is because you've either seen the first movie or "
              "read the ongoing spat between Yen and the producers, we'd "
              'advise you to simply divert your curiosity someplace else. This '
              "is not a case of so-bad-it's-good, but one of so-so-so-bad, for "
              'so many reasons that obviously go beyond the box-office outcome '
              'of its 2014 predecessor. It might have sounded like a good idea '
              "to have Yen take over one of Yuen Biao's more memorable roles, "
              "but seeing as how the two 'Iceman' movies have turned out, we "
              "say it was probably one of Yen's worst career choices ever. "
              "Here's our final word of advice: save yourselves the agony of "
              'sitting through 87 minutes of pure tedium, and at least you '
              "won't have your impression of all those involved tainted with "
              'the stain of this humiliation.',
 'tt3003668': 'Few actor-director collaborations in recent years have been as '
              'rewarding - and certainly none so in Hong Kong - as that '
              'between Nick Cheung and Dante Lam. Arguably one of the finest '
              "actors in the industry, Cheung's best roles of late have been "
              "as a tortured gun-for-hire in Lam's 'Beast Stalker' and as an "
              "equally agonised police detective in Lam's 'The Stool Pigeon'. "
              'And in Cheung, Lam has found a dexterous actor capable of '
              'portraying the kind of complex roles his male character-driven '
              'action dramas needed, fuelling a career resurgence that has '
              'cemented his status as one of the foremost directors in the '
              'territory.It is with great pride that we proclaim their track '
              'record remains - for the lack of a better word - unbeatable '
              'with this third collaboration set in the world of competitive '
              'Mixed Martial Arts (MMA). On hindsight, the sport does come off '
              'as a perfect backdrop for a Dante Lam film - after all, Lam has '
              'consistently played with the idea that life in itself is a '
              "fatalistic battle, and in 'Unbeatable', he finds a most "
              'befitting metaphor in the fighting ring. But to mount a '
              'compelling movie, he would have required an actor as convincing '
              'in the ring as he would be outside it, neither of which anyone '
              'can say otherwise about Cheung, whose strenuous training for '
              'the role shows in every bit of his physique and combat '
              'skills.Cheung is without a doubt the very heart and soul of the '
              'movie, bringing considerable nuance, complexity and empathy to '
              'his portrayal of a flawed, troubled yet determined boxer given '
              'his shot at redemption. Through multiple flashbacks in the '
              'first half of the movie, Lam paints a sad picture of a broken '
              'individual carrying the scars from his past - in particular, as '
              'a disgraced fighter who threw his promising career down the '
              "drain for taking bribes to rig fights. Nicknamed 'Scumbag', the "
              'now middle-aged Ching Fai crosses paths with Si-Qi (Eddie '
              'Peng), the son of a now-bankrupt real estate tycoon (Jack Kao) '
              'whose lack of academic credentials or work experience means he '
              'has no choice but to take up menial jobs to look after his '
              'father.Siqi has enrolled in the Golden Rumble MMA championship '
              'despite zero training in a bid to prove to his father, as well '
              'as himself, that he can do something well if he sets his mind '
              'and heart to it. At a neighbourhood gym, Siqi gets to meet and '
              "know Fai's past as a champion boxer, and persuades the latter "
              'to be his coach. Whereas Siqi needs Fai to find purpose in '
              'life, Fai sees an opportunity to relive his glory days through '
              'the raw but promising Siqi, whose willpower Fai recognises as '
              'his potential winning edge. They are wounded souls beaten but '
              'not defeated, and Lam uses their journey as mentor and protégé '
              'to illustrate how both subsequently reclaim their lives.Besides '
              'Siqi, Fai also finds humanity by becoming the de facto guardian '
              'of a 10-year-old girl Dani (Crystal Lee) whose mother Gwen (Mei '
              'Ting) he rents a room from. In the same prologue that '
              "establishes Fai and Siqi's plight, we also glimpse Gwen's "
              'tragic circumstance, the drowning of her infant son in the '
              'bathtub of their very home while she was passed out drunk on '
              'the couch precipitating a bout of mental illness and her '
              'current still fragile state. It probably comes as little '
              'surprise that Dani turns out to be a precocious kid for her age '
              'who ends up looking after her mother, but clichéd though that '
              'may be, only the hardest of hearts will not be moved by the '
              'tender companionship that develops between Fai, Gwen and Dani '
              'through a deft screenplay by Lam, his screen writing muse Jack '
              'Ng and first-time writer Fung Chi-fung as well as a sharp, '
              'funny and warm performance by Lee.Indeed, what could easily '
              'have been maudlin is in the hands of Lam genuine and affecting, '
              'a tearjerker if you will that coaxes rather than wrings its '
              "audience's emotions. Lam's emphasis on character is crystal "
              'clear from the way he takes his time to develop them as well as '
              'their relationships, striving for gritty realism at every turn. '
              "Contrary to what some may think, this isn't one of those movies "
              'where plot and character are simply afterthoughts; rather, they '
              'are here as critical as the action, which we warn will surprise '
              'certain audiences looking for blood as soon as the lights '
              'dim.Not to say that the latter instead becomes auxiliary; if '
              'there is one thing that Lam has done consistently well '
              'throughout his career, it is to deliver intense action when the '
              'time comes. Saving the bouts for the latter half of the film, '
              'Lam unleashes some truly exhilarating sequences as the MMA '
              'championship gets underway. Working with action director Ling '
              'Chi-wah and consultants Henry Chan and Dave Lam, he aims for '
              'the highest level of authenticity in the filmed bouts, even if '
              'it means pushing his actors Cheung, Peng as well as supporting '
              'Andy On to punishing limits. Not only are they '
              'well-choreographed, they are also beautifully shot, with Kenny '
              "Tse's combination of close-ups, quick zooms and medium shots "
              'ensuring that we are always in the thick and heat of the '
              'action.Yes, for a film that might be tempted to pummel its '
              'audience with numbing action or overwhelm us with melodrama, '
              'this does neither. Lam modulates the rhythm of his movie with '
              'heartfelt drama, thrilling action and unaffected humour - and '
              'unlikely as the last may sound, that is exactly what comes out '
              'of the relationship between Cheung and Peng as they cheekily '
              'poke fun at the close contact that the sport brings two men '
              'together. By once again placing character before action, Lam '
              'crafts a captivating portrait of fallen individuals rising to '
              'the challenge of life, that is itself brimming with heart and '
              'hope.',
 'tt3007240': 'I have this movie on my assets to about a year and because of '
              'some review I saw on the internet just discouraging to assist '
              'you. These days I decided to give a chance for him and watch '
              'somewhere around 15 minutes of the film. I had a pleasant '
              'surprise when you start to want to see the end and even gave '
              'some laughter over. What it proved, at least for me, which is '
              'not always the reviews are made by those who actually attended '
              'or at least are not people with the same interest to our '
              'Shaolin Temple. The errors I saw the reviews I found. They '
              "were: He is a fugitive criminal. No, it's not. He was accepted "
              'into the Temple as caretaker. No, it was not. There are so many '
              'mistakes that I will not quote them here. Watch and post your '
              'own conclusions.',
 'tt3043630': "Looks like a Devil Wears Prada copycat movie. But no, it's "
              "filled with junk.Seriously, if you see this, you'll find, "
              "plot-wise, it's about nothing. Lines are cheap with no taste. "
              "Acting? Don't get me started with acting. All you are ever "
              'gonna see in it is pretty people, fancy places and luxury '
              'brands. If you think this movie bombed at the box office then '
              'you are terribly wrong. They made almost 80 million dollars out '
              "of this which is not bad at all in China. I'm afraid it's what "
              'the young Chinese like these days. And guess what, the sequel '
              'will be out in august right this year!',
 'tt3046080': 'Excellent movie and good emotions brought out... and a '
              'storyline and solid film plot that will keep the audience '
              'absorbed and remember.. The film is centered along a few '
              "characters, which is good as there aren't too many "
              "distractions.. In a movie that doesn't has too many 'other' "
              'details of surroundings put in place, eg historical background, '
              'over-featuring the politics and external characters/story plot, '
              "there's always a danger of lag of materials making the movie "
              'boring.. However, the director manage to streamline the film, '
              'with good arrangement, right music, and good acting, into '
              "something that can really touch people's hearts.. It's been a "
              'long time since good movies like that are released.. This film '
              'is too underrated..',
 'tt3086582': 'Looks like a piece of s***.Such a junk film.Seriously, if you '
              "see this, you'll find, plot-wise, it's about nothing. Lines are "
              "cheap with no taste. Acting? Don't get me started with acting. "
              'All you are ever gonna see in it is pretty people, fancy places '
              'and luxury brands. If you think this movie bombed at the box '
              'office then you are terribly wrong. They made almost 80 million '
              "dollars out of this which is not bad at all in China. I'm "
              "afraid it's what the young Chinese like these days. And guess "
              'what, the sequel will be out in august right this year!',
 'tt3104228': 'Some of the original content of the film was destroyed by '
              'paranoid editing. Not all movies can be presented on a '
              'multi-clue chaotic timeline. The director destroyed the film '
              'while expressing himself.',
 'tt3121442': "Like its predecessor 'Overheard 2', this trilogy capper to "
              "writer- directors Alan Mak and Felix Chong's surveillance crime "
              'thriller franchise employs the same trio of actors – Sean Lau, '
              'Louis Koo and Daniel Wu – albeit in different roles and a '
              'different story. This time, Mak and Chong employs the format to '
              "dish out some dirt on Hong Kong's property syndicates, "
              'essentially sham companies run by local thugs who had set '
              "themselves up to take advantage of the Government's "
              'redevelopment of the New Territories.The subject is timely – '
              'like Singapore, many ordinary Hong Kong citizens have found '
              'themselves increasingly out of reach of a place to call home, '
              'no thanks to speculators and investors who have caused prices '
              'to skyrocket in the property market – and as veteran '
              'screenwriters who are best known for conceptualising the '
              "'Infernal Affairs' trilogy, Mak and Chong demonstrate a firm "
              'grasp and understanding of the subject matter. In the prologue, '
              'they lay out the precursor to their premise, i.e. the gifting '
              'of land rights by the British colonial rulers in the 1970s to '
              'the male heir of each indigenous family living within the New '
              'Territories, and over the course of the next two hours, chart '
              'just how greedy profit-driven businessmen try to outdo each '
              'other in securing these rights from their landowners.Sean Lau '
              'plays one such businessman, Keung, who gets his start as the '
              'right-hand man of Uncle To (Kenneth Tsang), one of the pioneers '
              'if you will of such a criminal enterprise. Keung is assisted by '
              'his three brothers, Fu (Alex Fong), Paul (Gordon Lam) and Chuck '
              '(Dominic Lam), who find themselves aligned against Mainland '
              "investor Wan (Huang Lei) and Uncle To's daughter Yu (Michelle "
              'Ye) when the latter two take their company public without '
              'giving the former quartet any share of the shareholdings. Their '
              "business rivalry gets more complicated as Keung's former buddy "
              'Jau (Louis Koo) is released from prison five years after taking '
              'the fall for killing another rival (Chin Kar Lok) in a staged '
              "DUI accident.Turns out Jau isn't quite as loyal to the Luk "
              'brothers after spending that time in the slammer; instead, he '
              'teams up with Joe (Daniel Wu) to spy on the Luks, his motive '
              'wholly personal – not only were Jau and Yu lovers, Jau remains '
              'bitter for having received scant compensation from the Luks for '
              'taking their fall. Instead of law enforcement, it is a computer '
              'hacker who happens to possess the high-tech equipment necessary '
              'for the comprehensive surveillance in order for Jau to plot and '
              'plan his game of revenge against the Luks. Admittedly, that is '
              'a stretch, even more so considering the range of equipment in '
              'his possession that seems engineered for narrative convenience '
              'than for anything else – and Mak and Chong do themselves no '
              'favours by inserting Vincent Kok in a bit role as an equally '
              'tech-savvy expert whom Keung visits late into the movie after '
              'suspecting that he might be tapped.More so than in the earlier '
              'movies, the concept of surveillance appears contrived, in equal '
              'parts lacking in both realism and significance. Indeed, Mak and '
              'Chong want their audience to believe that Joe is able to '
              "install hidden cameras in Keung, Fu, Paul and Chuck's offices, "
              'turn the counter-surveillance devices they carry on them into '
              'listening devices, and tap on their phones to rely on both the '
              'front and back cameras to spy on them. It requires a '
              'significant suspension of disbelief to think that Yu is able to '
              'pull off something on that scale, especially how he operates as '
              'a lone outfit. Yes, it suffices to say that Mak and Chong have '
              'taken the omnipresence of being watched a little too liberally '
              '– and nowhere is that more evident than in a dues-ex-machina '
              'where Yu finds the tables have turned on her and Wan.Compared '
              'to its predecessors too, the storytelling goes bogged down in '
              'way too much exposition particularly in the middle segment. As '
              'Uncle To makes an unannounced return halfway into the movie, '
              'Mak and Chong make the proceedings unnecessarily convoluted '
              'with talk of double-crossings, shifting loyalties and even '
              'triple-crossings. What also proves lacking is character '
              'development, and besides Joe who stays pretty much a blank '
              'slate throughout the film, the rest of the characters whether '
              'Keung or Jau remain the one-note villain they begin the movie '
              'as. The fact that Mak and Chong are better writers than '
              'directors only exacerbates the faults of their screenplay, so '
              'much so that the film lacks the narrative momentum to keep you '
              'engaged from scene to scene.Not even an ensemble cast can quite '
              'redeem this lethargic exercise. Lau is believably conniving, '
              "but that's as far as his character goes throughout the movie. "
              'Koo fails to convey the scorn his character must possess in '
              'order to turn against his sworn brothers, and thereby comes off '
              'a weak counterpoint against the Luks. Joe comes off even more '
              'humdrum, his rationale for assisting Jau in the first place '
              'never even discussed. Fong and the other two Lams add some '
              'colour as scoundrels, but the only character that manages to be '
              "anywhere near appealing is Zhou Xun's widow Moon, whom both "
              'Keung and Joe happen to have a crush on. Xun underplays her '
              "character's grief nicely, and is a welcome contrast to the "
              'overacting of many of the other characters.Still, compared to '
              "the earlier two instalments, 'Overheard 3' ends the franchise "
              'on a tepid note. The themes of brotherhood, loyalty, greed, '
              'betrayal and corruption are intact, the premise fitting and '
              'prescient, but the execution this time round both in the '
              'scriptwriting and directing department unfortunately falling '
              "short of its predecessors. As a drama, it isn't quite as "
              'engaging or as compelling as it needs to; and as a thriller, '
              "let's just say it doesn't fit the description.",
 'tt3125472': 'In China, in the early 70s, Lu Yanshi (Daoming Chen), a '
              'political prisoner, is released at the end of the Cultural '
              'Revolution. When he returns home, he discovers that his wife '
              'Feng Wanyu (Gong Li) is suffering from amnesia: she waits every '
              'day for the return of her husband, without understanding that '
              'he is at her side.I loved the infinite tenderness that emerges '
              'from this film. The rhythm of the film is intentionally slow '
              'and we feel a real chemistry between the three main actors '
              '(father, mother and daughter). The director Yimou Zhang '
              'immerses us in a beautiful love story with the poignant beauty '
              'and intense presence of the actress Gong Li, with the '
              'extraordinary talent of the actor Daoming Chen who plays '
              'soberly in the shadow of his wife, with a neat, delicate and '
              'graceful photography.As a synthesis: behind a slight facade of '
              'political pamphlet, a delightful ode of lyricism. 8/9 of 10',
 'tt3138596': 'I was lucky to view the premier of Trap Street at the Walter '
              'Reade Movie Theater of the Lincoln Center, which was packed '
              'with an enthusiastic audience. I also participated its '
              "director's Question and Answer session right afterward the "
              'show. The audience were very interested and active in asking '
              'questions, which approximately 30 questions were asked and '
              'answered with respect to all aspects of the movies. This gave '
              'me a much better understanding of the circumstance in which the '
              'movie was made.Trap Street initially follows narratives of a '
              'love story, appealing, elegant, and with a tint of nostalgia. '
              'However, the movie leaves many aspects of uncertainty for '
              'imagination, revealing skillful tactics of the director. As the '
              'story develops, all uncertainty accumulate together, causing '
              'great intensity and curiosity on the audience. As the intensity '
              'and curiosity gradually ease as the story unfolded, the movie '
              'comes to a surprising end, appearing initially out of '
              'expectation, but completely within the logical scope of the '
              'movie. This unexpected ending is the climax of Trap '
              'Street.Black humor is a characteristics of all post modern '
              'movies, and is also evident throughout Trap Street. I strongly '
              'recommend to watch the movie in theater. I would also like to '
              'point out a possible regret of the movie: The director in the '
              'Q&A session emphasized this was not a movie of politics. I '
              'totally agree with her on this point. However, some audience '
              'are still overwhelmed by its political implications, as '
              'indicated by their questions, especially after the Snowden '
              'incident. The political implications of the movie compete with '
              'its artistic merits for attention from the audience, which is '
              'probably not the original intention of the director. But can we '
              'do any better as we are all living in a political society?',
 'tt3175936': "So I don't get the 5.9 rating score at all!! I didn't realise "
              'when I first started to watch this film that it was almost '
              'entirely subtitled (due to its language being Mandarin) and '
              'almost gave up at the beginning because of this. Thank '
              "goodness, I didn't! This is a truly lovely film and very moving "
              'on a multitude of levels. It has humour, pathos and drama and '
              'is a gripping tale of love and devotion. The two main leads are '
              'exceptional; the female lead truly remarkable. I was spellbound '
              'as the story unfolded and ultimately reduced to tears such is '
              'the tragedy of the narrative. I will definitely watch this film '
              'again; brilliant!',
 'tt3176304': 'i loved the story if it had been directed right it would have '
              'been an epic movie may be it was the bad cutting decide for '
              'yourself. all the people in this movie gave their best but the '
              'director got cocky and strayed away from the great story which '
              'needed none of the martial arts gimmicks to sell the movie, '
              'then he went further and try to include a romance story for '
              'final epic ending which never come. if this was my movie i '
              'would put it on operation table to do a better cut throw away '
              "the other stories and and few more scene's to original story "
              'and it would be an epic, as it stands one time watch at '
              'best.here is the description of original tittle. Set in early '
              '13th century, Daoist monk Qiu Chuji travelled for 2 years to '
              'stop Genghis Khan and his soldiers from killing in Europe and '
              'Asia.',
 'tt3197766': 'I came into this movie with high hopes having been a huge fan '
              'of similar movies such as SPL, Flashpoint, and many of tony '
              "Jaa's films.I always felt HK action movies' plots were only "
              "there to connect the action scenes together. I've never been "
              'too impressed with any plot from an HK movie, and unfortunately '
              'SPL2 continues that trend. The plot relies on far too many '
              'coincidences to occur and often times, the characters '
              'motivations seem really questionable.If you can ignore the '
              "flimsy plot, you'll be treated to some of the best martial arts "
              'action since the original SPL. There are 4 actors in this movie '
              'that can REALLY fight and their skills are well highlighted in '
              'several scenes. The choreograph and framing of the scenes was '
              'so well executed allowing the viewer to fully appreciate the '
              'skills of the fighters. There are a handful of memorable fight '
              'scenes in the movie but special mention has to be reserved for '
              "the final fight. It's quite a lengthy scene and is full of "
              "extremely satisfying action. I'd rate it on par with any scene "
              'in SPL1 / Flashpoint..9 seems like a very high rating given the '
              "substandard plot but i've been itching for a good martial arts "
              'movies and even the latest Donnie Yen / tony Jaa offerings have '
              'left me slightly disappointed. SPL2 reminds me what i love so '
              "much about Martial Arts movies and I'm glad there is so much "
              'promising talent in Wu Jing, Andy On, and Zhang Jin to replace '
              'the likes of Donnie Yen / Jet Li / Jacky Chan.',
 'tt3202890': 'I had very low expectations going in regarding this film, so '
              "I'd have to say it overall was somewhat better than I "
              'anticipated. Yes, it has some really ridiculous plot elements, '
              'but it does maintain a fair degree of tension throughout and '
              'might serve the viewer as simply an escape type flick. It also '
              'has quite the strong cast in John Cusack, Ryan Phillippe, '
              'Rachelle Lefevre, Jack Weaver, and Luis Guzman.Set in Puerto '
              'Rico, a well-off couple Steven (Phillippe) and Shannon '
              '(Lefevre) arrive on the island to pick up their newly adopted '
              "seven-year-old daughter Nina (Briana Roy). It's all been set up "
              'by an international adoption agency run by a Mrs. Reigert '
              '(Weaver), who greets them on their arrival and arranges for '
              "them to stay at a resort for a few days until Nina's passport "
              "comes through.While there, they're approached by the creepy and "
              'mysterious Benjamin (Cusack) and his two cohorts, and they '
              "start to feel quite uncomfortable with Benjamin's omnipresence "
              'and all his questions. Steven and Shannon change hotels, but '
              'soon find themselves right in the middle of a huge adoption '
              'scam called "reclaiming", and eventually even find themselves '
              'being kidnapped.All of this will eventually lead to a wild, '
              'prolonged, and rather melodramatic ending.All in all, as '
              "mentioned there's some gaping plot holes to be found in the "
              'movie, but I still thought there was enough here to be mildly '
              "entertaining. I've certainly seen a lot worse and felt it was "
              'worth the $1.59 I spent at redbox.',
 'tt3204696': 'This is one of the few films that has kept me on the edge of my '
              'seat the whole time. Excellent plot and acting. Very smooth '
              'development and full of surprises. Superb story telling skills. '
              'One of the few talented scripts in modern Chinese cinema. '
              'Without disclosing much of the plot, we can only say it is '
              'mainly a courtroom drama involving a widowed tycoon whose '
              '19-year-old daughter is accused of murdering his bride-to-be, a '
              'beautiful artist who is found to be having an affair with '
              'another young man. As the court proceeding evolved, we seem to '
              'discover more evidence and hence new relations among all the '
              'stakeholders, including the lawyers for both sides. A very good '
              'suspense story with strong focus. The vast amount of internal '
              'struggles and complex yet repressed emotions are brilliantly '
              'delivered by the excellent cast. Sun Honglei (the tycoon Lin '
              'Tai), Aaron Kwok (the fierce prosecutor Tong Tao), Nan Yu (the '
              'defense lawyer Zhou Li who vows to save the seemingly innocent '
              'defendant) and Jiajia Deng (Lin Mengmeng the daughter) are all '
              'great in showing the wide range of sentiments: anger, doubt, '
              'resentment, arrogance, guilt, awareness etc as the drama '
              'unfolds.The art direction is also great. Although it is a '
              'fictitious trial in a fictional Chinese city, we are led to '
              'believe that such modern city with skyscrapers, highways and '
              'colonial architecture really exists and information can flow '
              'freely in China.Very tactfully, the film projects an ideal '
              'China while stating that things are often not what they seem to '
              'be, especially in this new world power. Because precisely in '
              'China, anything can happen.One criticism I have is that the '
              'first few scenes in the media control room to introduce the '
              'main characters are sort of superfluous and can be edited out '
              'to make the whole film classier. The presence of cameras in the '
              'courtroom is also not necessary and, generally, not allowed.All '
              'in all, if you are into suspense, surprise, courtroom drama and '
              'modern China development, this is a must see. If you are '
              'interested in exploring the theme of justice, truth, loyalty, '
              'love, manipulation and the legal system, this is also quite '
              'worth watching. Highly recommended.',
 'tt3209682': 'This movie with only 65 people rates, it just good!\n'
              'It maybe not that perfect, but.. hey!\n'
              "it's good enough to let you relax and sit on sofa to watch on "
              'weekend!\n'
              'I recommend',
 'tt3214392': 'Although the topic is traditional chinese music - regularly the '
              'backround music is modern synthizizer instead of or mixed with '
              'souna - the topic of the film.',
 'tt3224458': "This may get a little personal, but I've been suffering from "
              'severe depression and have had a lot of issues dealing with '
              'anger, sadness and all for about five years now. For the past 8 '
              'years of my life, and earlier years of my childhood, I have '
              'loved Fred Rogers. He always told me and millions of children '
              'all over the world that he likes us just the way we are, and '
              'taught us the power of kindness, positive ways of thinking and '
              "dealing with our emotions, and while I'll always be a cynic by "
              "nature, I've always tried to take what he taught me and many "
              'others to heart. He was genuinely the kindest, most loving and '
              'compassionate human being to ever grace this Earth. But over '
              "the past year especially, I've stopped caring about my life "
              'with tragedy happening around me constantly, making me feel '
              'like my life was falling apart, as well as me having thoughts '
              'of suicide. I always put Mr Rogers on to give me some kind of '
              'motivation to keep going, but his messages that once resonated '
              'so deeply with me began to fade as I slipped further and '
              'further away from being "fine". I\'ve gotten a lot better over '
              'the past few months though, not perfect but still, and when I '
              'heard that a movie starring Tom Hanks as Mr Rogers was being '
              'made I did all that I could to see it as fast as possible when '
              'it finally came out in the UK (which as of writing this, was '
              'yesterday).The second this film started, the moment Hanks '
              'appeared and the music came on, I just completely melted. I '
              'almost audibly broke down into tears, but not with sadness, '
              'with joy and relief. I knew I was in for something that would '
              'grip me. This film is amazing. It focuses on the psychological '
              'healing and betterment of the protagonist, Lloyd, as Mr Rogers '
              'taps into his childhood and his feelings, the same way he '
              'tapped into the feelings of children back when his show was '
              'still on the air and back when I watched it a decade ago, and '
              'we get a powerful, touching tribute to this man and the impact '
              'he had on so many lives. Lloyd himself was not only well acted, '
              'but for me anyway I saw a bit of myself in him. Things like his '
              'strained relations with family, his overwhelming and blinding '
              'cynicism and his anger management are all things I dealt with '
              'at some point and still deal with today. So when the film took '
              'this character and and put him on this emotional journey to '
              'betterment and healing, it resonated so deeply with me that I '
              'began to feel as if I was a kid again, watching Rogers as he '
              'taught me how to deal with my own anger and to prioritise '
              'kindness, and for many people who saw this film, I feel like '
              "they experienced the same thing I did. And that's why this "
              'movie is so good. It has the same impact and kind-heartedness '
              "as Rogers' original show, but turned into an emotional, "
              'thoughtful and touching feature-length film that acts as the '
              "perfect tribute to Fred's legacy and life. At the end of the "
              "day though, the film, while an amazing tribute to Fred, isn't "
              "entirely about him. It's about how he saved the life of Lloyd, "
              'became one of his closest friends, and helped him heal his '
              'psychological wounds. And the perfect way to put this film is '
              "this: It's a film that celebrates the messages, kindness and "
              'life of Mr Rogers, that acts as a way to show the impact that '
              'he had on so many lives, and despite him not being in the film '
              'as much as Lloyd, who is the main protagonist of the film, his '
              'impact is felt throughout its entire runtime and in every '
              'single scene.Other things as well, the blending of the old Mr '
              'Rogers sets with locations in the film was very creative and '
              'touching, the acting, especially from Hanks was incredible, the '
              "film was perfectly paced and while the score isn't anything to "
              'talk about, the parts that do use music are done very well and '
              "capture the feel of the scene. The editing might've been a "
              'little iffy at points, but that was mainly at the beginning of '
              "the film. Overall, it's probably my favourite movie of 2019, "
              'even if I did have to wait until 2020 to watch it. If you have '
              "not watched it yet, please do. It's absolutely phenomenal.",
 'tt3243302': "I really enjoyed this movie. It's super weird due to the Peking "
              'Opera style and the rabid communism of the Cultural Revolution '
              "era when it was filmed, but it's a great cultural experience. "
              'One of my favorite parts is about 1 hour into the movie, where '
              'the protagonist finishes a musical number while surrounded by '
              'enemy Japanese, then slaps his hand down on the table and gives '
              "what must be the strangest good guy laugh I've ever heard. "
              'Sounds like something right out of twilight zone. Anyway, my '
              "point is, this is a crazy movie. So crazy it's pretty fun to "
              'watch. Enjoy!',
 'tt3259320': 'Bilingual (English/Mandarin) Chinese production of a '
              'horror/thriller set on an overseas flight, as those on board '
              'start mysteriously dying off one by one with gruesome scratch '
              'marks, by and large in real-time.Filled with one-dimensional '
              'characters and clichéd tropes like the newly separated romantic '
              'pairing who still have to work together, the snobbish first '
              'class couple with only disdain for everything and everyone, the '
              'cocky jock who ribs his faithful friend the gentle nerd, the '
              'blind prescient woman who everyone ignores due to her '
              '"craziness" but apparently sees all... The list goes on and on, '
              'all with cheeky dialogue borrowed from the worst of TV soap '
              'operas. It was wholly unbelievable to see almost all the actors '
              'being under age 30 who, although present plenty of eye-candy, '
              'nowhere nearly resemble a representative flight audience and '
              'the supposedly complex characters they are portraying.Frankly '
              'this would have never gotten funding to be made in the US, '
              'certainly not without substantial rewriting. The idea of a '
              'movie set almost entirely on a plane is inherently a '
              'challenging subject, much less a genre film like this. Even '
              'with moderately well schemed plots and seasoned veteran actors, '
              'we can only hope for the likes of thrillers like Non-Stop and '
              'Air Force One. Or perhaps, with reality largely thrown out the '
              'door, we expect the camp and over-the- top fantasy that is '
              'Snakes on a Plane. Last Flight falls very much short of '
              'anything and everything. Very disappointing.',
 'tt3259968': 'Vajra, simply a title to one who has no defeat. This was a good '
              'film of action, despair, and the truth. In the life of one man '
              'who stood against all odds of Hades Shi,(Yu Xing) must fight '
              'against an opponent who is his equal. In the shrine of Hades '
              'children are taken away, and then sold as would be warriors to '
              'the shrine in order for them to spread the word of evil. Shi '
              'however does not see it that way after he killed his own '
              'brother with his own hand to prove to the shrine that he is a '
              'ready acolyte. Yet in his turmoil, left the shrine with a heavy '
              'conscience and became a disciple in a Shaolin temple. Years '
              'later he comes back to the shrine to stop his rival, and free '
              'the new batch of children taken away from their homes. In the '
              'middle is Eko (Yamei Zhang) who is a photo journalist in order '
              'for her to spread the truth about the shrine of it being a '
              'non-malignant entity. But to her seeing all of the killing '
              'within the ranks causes her to stop believing in lies, and '
              'become someone who must speak the real truth.It is a great '
              'action film set only in a shrine. Yet the different locations '
              'within this estate were always different, so it kept you '
              "wondering what's behind door number one or number two. The "
              'music was top notch, plus the actors themselves are always just '
              'as passionate when they deliver their lines. I particularly '
              'like Hiroyuki Ikeuchi who plays a bit part of a Hades acolyte. '
              'Even as small a part as his, he delivered brilliantly. Always a '
              'big fan of him since Ipman when he played the deranged Japanese '
              'general.For those who like martial arts at their best, this is '
              'it. Although not a fully hammered story, which simply means '
              'that this was an example of the classic Ying/Yang theory. Good '
              'versus evil, and the like. What it really amounts to is choice. '
              'To choose your own path to follow rather than blindly following '
              'a tyrant, and sink into despair soon after. Ultimately The '
              'Wrath Of Vajra is a great hero worship film, where the real '
              'heroes come out on top in victory. Recommended for those over '
              'fourteen.',
 'tt3285802': 'Guud movie\nLao shi\nAwesome\nCool \nKid fight movie\nShe',
 'tt3299316': "Production value isn't great – the animation featured in the "
              'beginning and the end credits scene is particularly awful. The '
              'script (or at least the English subtitle translation) is shaky. '
              'The sound design is not well done. The overall product, '
              'however, feels like "Inland Empire" meets "The Shining" meets '
              'Donnie Darko." Apart from some pretty evident Kubrick '
              'references and an end credits scene reminiscent of Darko, the '
              'whole film feels very original. The director clearly had some '
              'surrealist vision of a film that would be a great watch, if '
              'only the finished product was a bit more organized and '
              'cleaned.The first chapter, told in out of order segments (or at '
              'least I think it is), is very hard to follow, and is ultimately '
              'the worst of the three segments of the film. A woman empties '
              "her boss's bank account and runs away with the money. If only "
              'it were that simple. This chapter only introduces the idea of '
              'multiple parallel dimensions, and I think it tries to showcase '
              'the concept, but it is poorly executed.The second chapter is by '
              'far the best (and the longest). The whole thing plays out like '
              '"The Shining:" hotel manager goes insane and starts killing '
              '(unfortunately, again, its not that simple). Things go meta '
              'when a film director wants to make a film called Maze, which '
              'parallels the events of the actual film, which is funny and '
              'bizarre at the same time.The third chapter tries to wrap up the '
              "whole parallel universes idea but doesn't do much good (not "
              'enough to make me want to talk about it).I really wish I could '
              'like this film; the idea is interesting, and the second chapter '
              'is really good, but the whole thing is too scattered in '
              'unpolished that it needs definite work before I can recommend '
              'it.',
 'tt3308358': "According to IMDb's trivia, Wished was optioned by producers to "
              "be remade as a Hollywood film (2019) and it's easy to see why: "
              "it's a really charming romantic fantasy that has appeal for "
              'both sexes, the men lapping up the wish fulfilment, and the '
              'ladies loving the gooey lovey-dovey side of things (OK, I admit '
              'it... I enjoyed the romantic stuff too). The humour is gentle '
              '(not too much of that wacky Asian comedy that I tend to '
              'struggle with), meaning that it will translate well for Western '
              'audiences.Yu Xia plays insurance salesman Ma Fendou, who really '
              "hasn't got his act together: he isn't successful at his job, he "
              'is lousy at basketball, and he very stupidly breaks up with his '
              'hot girlfriend Ren Shanshan (K-pop babe Victoria Song), who '
              'goes to model for an advertising campaign and returns engaged '
              'to be married.Seeing an opportunity for some mischievous fun, '
              'Earth Goddess Shangguan Furong (Ni Yan) tells Ma Fendou that '
              'she is granting 19 of his old wishes in chronological order, '
              'starting with those from his preteen years and working '
              "forwards. Of course, he doesn't believe a word of it, at least "
              'until they start to come true. Fantasy fun ensues, as Ma Fendou '
              'grows hair like a childhood idol of his, gets his teenage dream '
              'bedroom, becomes the object of desire for his hot high-school '
              'teacher, become a wiz at basketball, and much much more (to '
              'tell any more would be spoiling the fun).But even though Ma '
              "gets a lifetime's worth of wishes granted, he realises that he "
              "doesn't have the one thing he really wants: Shanshan; he's the "
              "guy who didn't appreciate what he had until it was gone. In a "
              'predictably mushy but still satisfying ending, he trades all of '
              'his wishes for one more chance at happiness with the girl of '
              'his dream. Corny it might be, but it still does the trick, '
              'bringing the film to a heartwarming conclusion - just the kind '
              'of thing that Hollywood likes to turn out (although a remake '
              "probably won't be as good).",
 'tt3310600': 'A disjointed story of two lovers and their relationship '
              'breakdown. It is well acted and the romance is believable but '
              'the story around it lacks sense and continuity. The upside is '
              "it stars nini who's talents are sadly wasted.",
 'tt3313360': 'Returning to their remote hometown village, a young man going '
              'on a school trip to study the ancient murals left on the cave '
              'walls soon turns into a series of strange ghostly activity that '
              'is spurned through their reckless behavior and try to get out '
              'of the village alive.For the most part, this here was quite the '
              'enjoyable effort. One of the more enjoyable elements featured '
              "here is the fact that there's a rather overwhelming sense of "
              'atmosphere throughout here that makes the film quite '
              'suspenseful. The idea of the group being stranded in the remote '
              'village with the overbearing rainstorm pouring down on them and '
              'the absolute isolation being that deep in the mountain range '
              'does a solid job of ensuring that the setting works for this '
              'kind of story. Combining it all with the customs of the locals, '
              'from the way they set up the offerings for the ghost and the '
              'meticulous matter of fact way they arrange the decorations and '
              'trinkets, all makes for a rather enjoyable place to lead the '
              'supernatural elements through as it feels really traditional '
              'and old-fashioned against their more modern feelings and '
              'beliefs. This all works so well such that when it starts '
              'getting even creepier and lets this one come into more overt '
              'horror territory with the discovery of the cave drawings and '
              'the connection to the area which is only furthered by the '
              'accident they come across on the way there being a rather '
              'freaky starting point. The later scenes showing the group '
              'encountering the ghosts out in the caves or in the forest are '
              'incredibly fun due to this rather strong set-up, and they '
              "infuse some nice action into the film's pacing to liven it up "
              'during the final half which has all that nice creepy action to '
              'help it along, from hallucinating the ghost is in the room with '
              'them to the sexual encounter with the ghost and leading into '
              'the protection ritual in the room where they battle the final '
              'ghost. These here make this one quite enjoyable, although there '
              'are a few minor flaws here. The biggest issue to overcome is '
              "the fact that this one just doesn't do anything for long "
              'stretches of time so that this has only a few ghost elements. '
              'This is mainly taken up by the insipid investigation angle into '
              'the deaths happening around them as the laborious efforts to '
              'get the point across and get the clues worked out to their most '
              "logical conclusion is a wrong-headed move. It would've been "
              'fine had it stuck to the facts, but instead it jams in the '
              'attempts at recreating their own version of what could have '
              'happened which really has no place in a story like this as it '
              'takes the focus off the supernatural and drags the film out far '
              'longer than it really needed to be. The remaining story lines '
              'surrounding this piece, from the long-winded incarceration to '
              'the revelation of the backstory about their connection to the '
              'village are just not all that important and makes this section '
              'of the film incredibly dull and drawn-out here. As well, '
              "there's a few rather cheesy-looking CGI effects for the ghosts "
              'who are clearly not in the shot, these here are all that really '
              'hold this one down.Rated Unrated/R: Violence, Language and an '
              'attempted rape.',
 'tt3313908': "'Women Who Flirt' sees director Pang Ho Cheung take a creative "
              "sojourn from his Hong Kong-set dramas like 'Aberdeen' and "
              "comedies like 'Vulgaria' by engaging in some shamelessly "
              "commercial pursuits. Inspired by the self-help book 'Everyone "
              "Loves Tender Woman' by Loverman, this Mainland-based rom-com "
              'has a tomboyish girl Angie (Zhou Xun) pick up the tricks of '
              'flirting from a gaggle of female friends who call themselves '
              "the 'Barbie Army' in order to win the affections of her best "
              'friend Marco (Huang Xiaoming), whom she has always been '
              'secretly in love with, after he falls for a Taiwanese girl '
              "called Hailey (Tang Sui) skilled in the art of 'sa jiao'.Though "
              'Pang has personally penned this big-screen adaptation together '
              "with his 'Love in the Buff' collaborator Luk Yee-Sum and "
              'newcomer Zhang Youyou, his latest displays little of the '
              'witticisms that fans of his works – us included – look forward '
              "to. At least his maiden foray into Mainland filmmaking, 'Love "
              "in the Buff', retained his distinctive voice while staying "
              'within the safe zone of the notorious censors (remember the '
              'joke about the air stewardess or the music video Shawn Yue made '
              'to prove his sincerity to Miriam Yeung?); save for the '
              "occasional amusing references to Patrick Swayze's 'Ghost' and "
              "Andrew Lau's 'The Guillotines', this is indistinguishable from "
              'the crop of rom-coms that have become a staple of the Mainland '
              'box office, no thanks to a voracious appetite from the genre '
              'from audiences there.Much of the humour is derived (and '
              'derivative) from gender stereotypes, or more specifically, that '
              'of women which men tend to gravitate towards. From taking every '
              "opportunity to showcase maximum cleavage to saying 'I hate you' "
              'in a mischievously high-pitched girlish pout to giving men the '
              'chance to feel protective over a woman, Pang up-ends each one '
              'of these manipulative techniques women supposedly use in order '
              'to get men to fall hopelessly head over heels. There is some '
              'fun to be had in watching these tricks of the flirting trade '
              'being outed for what they are, but the pleasures afforded by '
              'these jokes are shallow, fleeting and grow increasingly '
              "tiresome.Thankfully, Zhou Xun's spirited delivery ensures that "
              'their repetitiveness does not completely ingratiate. Her '
              "diminutive frame and husky voice don't make her the prototype "
              'Asian girl for rom- coms, but that is precisely why she is '
              'perfectly cast in the role. When she casts doubt on her '
              "makeover consultants' 'one-two-five' Tinder-ready selfies, you "
              'believe that her cynicism is genuine. When she eventually '
              "decides to tear into her 'love opponent's' seductive moves, "
              "you'll applaud her comebacks. Zhou's screwball comic timing is "
              'impeccable, and her considerable charm is a huge reason why the '
              'movie remains lively and entertaining in parts.If the humour is '
              'mostly silly and shallow, the romance is sadly artificial. '
              'Except for a couple of flashbacks which establish Angie and '
              'Marco as college buddies who shared much platonic banter and '
              'several playful moments together, there is little else that '
              'convinces just why Angie would be in love with Marco or why '
              "Marco is in fact in love with Angie as well but just doesn't "
              'know it yet. Even more perplexing is how Pang rationalises the '
              'latter, which falls to some hokey premise about how Marco is in '
              'fact "gay" for having been brought up without a maternal figure '
              'and is therefore perfectly matched with the masculine Angie. '
              "Unlike Chun Jiao and Zhi Ming in Pang's previous two rom-coms "
              "'Love with a Puff' and 'Love in the Buff', you'll be "
              'hard-pressed to believe that there is genuine affection in '
              "Angie and Marco's relationship, or for that matter, that the "
              "pair make a good couple.Like we said at the beginning, 'Women "
              "Who Flirt' finds Pang at his most ready-to-please, forgoing his "
              'usual sensibilities for a wholly commercial product that is '
              'certainly poised to do well at the Mainland box office. If all '
              "you're looking for is a light, frothy and forgettable time, "
              "then you'll find your share of disposable pleasures here; but "
              'anyone else looking for the Pang Ho Cheung of contemporary '
              "classics like 'You Shoot, I Shoot' and 'Exodus' would be "
              'advised to flirt with something else instead.',
 'tt3316020': 'Not real life is an exaggerated film style, but even the '
              'internal logic of the film are twisted, is the characteristics '
              'of the brain film. Not only the director, screenwriter, actor, '
              'but also the director needs a large audience to cheer for him. '
              "The awkward part is that the vast majority of the audience's "
              'intelligence is hardly at the lowest level of this kind of '
              'producer, so this kind of film can only be called a niche '
              'genre.Normally, the movie fan because of movie fans, the '
              'entertainment circle, in turn, now, is for the fans to '
              'customize movie, this kind of movie does not need to plot is '
              "reasonable, does not need to be logical, don't need to be "
              'rigorous, get a celebrity (in fact, most of the media to show '
              'more thick-skinned), posturing of the whole a few words, '
              'dressed in fashion, the environment beautiful. No integrity of '
              'the distributor, before the release of this is so and so of the '
              "fans customized good?1.DNA technology is very convenient, don't "
              "you know?2. Daughter or love? Wouldn't it be better to have "
              "someone around 10?3. In today's movies, the roles of agents, "
              'makeup artists and costume designers are all made up of women. '
              'Is that funny? funny!4. Does the little girl live in the '
              'broadcasting hall of the TV station? A song, four minutes, in '
              "time!5. I don't see that the male lead has star fan, except for "
              'an agent, what servant is not6. The girl is as magical as harry '
              'potter and can appear anywhere she wants at any time.7 finally '
              'that paparazzi pretend to be moved, this is why ah? Do not move '
              'things but cruel sensational, goosebumps are out!More flaws '
              'are, no interest in writing, next!',
 'tt3336934': 'As the Ming Studies said, "ChuanTing died lead the fall of the '
              'Ming Dynasty."\n'
              "It's true. The extinction is not an accident but a historical "
              'necessity. The collapse of the Ming Dynasty was caused by '
              'factors such as famine, plague, eunuch, roving bandits, Later '
              'Jin dynasty... These are not a temporary disaster but also a '
              'long-standing disadvantage. Sun chuanting is undoubtedly the '
              "last hope of the Ming Dynasty when the dynasty is falling. It's "
              'just like what Li Youke said in the film, "severe cases can\'t '
              'be treated with a strong medicine." This is the sorrow of the '
              'Ming Dynasty with over 300 years, and also the sadness of '
              'Chinese history.',
 'tt3338036': 'What kind of puberty and hot sweetheart should be included in '
              'the history together with this kind of movie, which is a very '
              'typical social taste in China at present. It can be used for '
              'future generations to study what the Chinese culture of 5000 '
              'years has been destroyed by the Communist Party in decades. Red '
              'Sorghum Model Team + Drama Set, the story is to think of a '
              '"fake short film collection", no story can be fully told (even '
              'the old ghost passage that has been used too much in "The Demon '
              'in the Mountain" has been re-deduced). At the end of the play, '
              'the writer (the protagonist) links several chapters in series '
              "through self-justification, and the author of the play can't "
              'compile any more.',
 'tt3341084': "The second installment in a trilogy, if you've not seen the "
              'first film, you may struggle to get to grips with who the '
              "characters are but, given 20 minutes, you won't be worrying... "
              "actually, it may even make this more fun, since one wouldn't "
              "know of the visual treat to come.What's good about The Four 2 "
              'is that, though it jumps straight into both the story and '
              "action, it doesn't leave gaps like the first one did or leave "
              'the viewer wondering what was the point in certain scenes; '
              'instead, it filters out minor players to make for a more '
              'compact viewing, and with the main plot events coming via the '
              'actions of characters introduced in this film, it works almost '
              'perfectly as a stand-alone product.With a plot designed to '
              "intrigue the viewer as to whom is lying and about what, it's "
              'difficult to reveal much, but it was novel to see such tools '
              'introduced into a sequel, as in-fighting amongst team members '
              'would have come far more naturally than the forced time-fillers '
              'that took part in The Avengers or the awful dog "joke" that '
              'cued the bout in the Part I.There have been some who complained '
              'that the ending was just a set-up for the third part, but '
              "really, it isn't - all questions are answered and had I not "
              "known that there was a Part III to come, it wouldn't have "
              'ruined the ride for me in any way.Enjoyable.',
 'tt3341088': 'Not more I can say about this film other than it is hot '
              'garbage. On paper, the film is headed by a couple big names, '
              'but everything else is so bad that it totally discredits any of '
              "their performances. What is worst is the editing, it's an "
              "absolute disgrace. Cringy dialogues that doesn't make any sense "
              'and a facepalm level plot, I can see how much Chinese cinema '
              "has progressed over the years, and hopefully we'll never see "
              'another film of this quality in the future.',
 'tt3393786': "I'm a big fan of Tom Cruise. He is a real old-fashioned film "
              'star, generous with his fans on the red carpet and with real '
              'star power at the box office. And I can happily sit down in '
              "front of just about any one of his DVD's time and time again "
              'and still enjoy it. Unlike many critics, I even enjoyed his '
              'last outing as Jack Reacher.Unfortunately, and it pains me to '
              'say this but, his latest outing - "Jack Reacher: Never Go Back" '
              "- is a bit dull.Lee Child's Reacher has many years before "
              'turned his back on his military past and wanders the country as '
              'a drifter righting wrongs outside of the law. In this film, his '
              'military past again makes a major ("No, ex-Major") intrusion '
              'into his life. Potential love interest Major Susan Turner '
              '(Colbie Smulders, from the "Avengers" world) is arrested on '
              'trumped-up espionage charges and Cruise sets out to clear her '
              'name. Along the way he accidentally (and rather too '
              'conveniently for the plot) discovers that a paternity suit has '
              'been filed against him and Reacher confronts the rebellious and '
              'light-fingered teenager Samantha (Danika Yarosh, aged 18 '
              'playing 15).Unfortunately the big-cheeses involved in the '
              'international arms skulduggery are determined to tie up each '
              'and every loose end in their intrigue, and that includes '
              'Reacher, Turner and young Samantha by association. Needless to '
              'say, the villains - led by a one-man killing machine (Patrick '
              "Heusinger) - haven't counted on Reacher's 'particular set of "
              "skills'.My problem with the film (after an entertaining "
              'opening) is that the screenplay lumbers from standard thriller '
              'set-piece to standard thriller set-piece in a highly '
              "predictable way. It's as if the scripts from 20 different films "
              'have been stuck in a blender. Shadowy arms dealing shenanigans: '
              'check; Cute teenager in peril: check; Gun fight on a dockside: '
              'check; Rooftop chase: check.Are all the individual set-pieces '
              'decently done? Yes, sure. But the combination of these bits of '
              "action tapas really don't add up to a satisfying meal. The "
              'story arc is almost non-existent as there is no suspense in the '
              "'investigation': the plot is all pretty well laid out for you. "
              'Where there is some fun to be had is in the play-off between '
              'the born- leader Reacher and the born-leader Turner, both '
              'trying to be top-dog in the decision making. The romantic '
              'connection between the leads seems almost plausible despite '
              'their 20 (TWENTY!) year age difference: this is more down to '
              'how incredibly good Cruise still looks at age 54 (damn him!). '
              'Turner makes a good female role-model right up to the point '
              'where there is a confrontation in a hotel room and Turner backs '
              'down: despite Cruise being the "hero" it would have been nice '
              'for female equality for this face-off to have gone the other '
              "way.The director is Edward Zwick, who helmed Cruise's more "
              'interesting movie "The Last Samurai".The trailer started off '
              'well and then progressed into general mediocrity. Unfortunately '
              '- for me at least - the film lived up to the trailer. '
              'Watchable, but not memorable.(Agree? Disagree? For the '
              'graphical version of this review and to comment please visit '
              'bob-the-movie-man.com. Thanks.)',
 'tt3401962': "This movie is to myself not only a movie. It's a journal of my "
              'own juven life. I cannot be neutral to criticize this plot. '
              "Because I can not judge my lifestyle right or not. They don't "
              'learn to understand and be responsible to their mistakes. They '
              'only know violence, selfishness, philistine and indifference. '
              "This, they won't care others feelings, when they are involved "
              'into some issues. All they can do is roaring, compulse the '
              'weakness abandon its right. They\n'
              'mentally abuse others, and ironically they eulogize it with '
              '"C\'est la vie." or "you are too naive to know the truth." They '
              'are not truly grown up.',
 'tt3411398': 'So ... yes... that was interesting ...\n'
              'Ok so it is not an awesome horror movie with a lot of scares '
              'etc but it was not that bad actually... I had fun watching it! '
              'It had some mystery in it. Some small scares and it keeps you '
              'interested. Ok the acting is not the best also but is not the '
              'worse you have seen I suppose. Another problem is the script. '
              'It has some weird holes in it but ok it all makes sense in the '
              'end.\n'
              'So there is a girl who is a student and goes to stay at a '
              'hotel. The keepers of the hotel are really weird and shady '
              'people, who act really suspicious. She was told that the hotel '
              "was full but it doesn't really seem as that. Weird things start "
              'to happen during the night and she is not sure if they are real '
              'or if she is just dreaming about them. But what is the real '
              'story behind everything? Can there be something else behind all '
              'of these events?\n'
              'Overall it is a mediocre movie, but it was fun for me to watch!',
 'tt3421246': 'Call this writer a traditionalist, but he has never been too '
              'impressed whenever he hears a young artiste bagging an acting '
              'award. Showbiz is a cruel place, and he somewhat believes that '
              'accolades, as shammy as they are, belong to veterans who have '
              'been slogging it out. That is probably why, whenever the media '
              'goes all excited about a young actor winning an industry award, '
              'this columnist would read the coverage with many pinches of '
              'salt.So here we have 30 year old Mark Chao (Monga, The First '
              'Time) who established his reputation by starring as one of the '
              'two protagonists in 2009 Taiwanese TV series Black & White. The '
              '24 episode drama tells the story of two cops who have vastly '
              'different personalities. Wu Ying Xiong (Chao) believes that law '
              'and justice are the pillars of the society and are constantly '
              'on the lookout for baddies, while Chen Zai Tian (Vic Chou) '
              'lives a luxurious lifestyle while waiting for dubious sources '
              'to crack his cases. Chao went on to win Best Actor at the 44th '
              'Golden Bell Awards, the prestigious annual TV production award '
              "presented by Taiwan's Government Information Office. The series "
              'was a big winner, taking home Best Drama, Best Director, Best '
              'Art Direction and Best Marketing.While this writer has never '
              'watched a single episode of the TV drama, it makes perfect '
              'sense that there was a 2012 movie spin off chronicling Wu Ying '
              "Xiong's days before the series. Rumours have it that Chou and "
              "Chao's friendship soured after the latter's Golden Bell win, "
              "and hence Chou's absence in the movie. Titled Black & White: "
              'The Dawn of Assault, the movie was a success – hence this '
              'sequel (which also takes place before the TV series).For '
              'someone who is watching anything related to "Black & White" '
              '(the predecessor to this movie was only released on home video '
              'here), this 126 minute action blockbuster is entertaining '
              'popcorn fare. The latest installment of the police action '
              'series is evidently grander in scale (go catch some of the TV '
              'episodes on YouTube), with special visual effects and 3D '
              'production companies from Taiwan, Hong Kong, China, Japan, '
              'Thailand, France, Australia and Hollywood coming into the '
              'picture. Yup, the filmmakers had a very, very big budget to '
              'work on.Director Tsai Yuen Hsun makes his point clear by '
              'opening the movie with a dramatic car chase and countless loud '
              'explosions that sabotage all of the roadways leading in and out '
              'of the city. This is where we have to count on Wu Ying Xiong '
              'and a new character (a very likable Lin Geng Xin) to save the '
              "day. Chao and Lin have worked on Tsui Hark's Young Detective "
              'Dee: Rise of the Sea Dragon (2013), and the chemistry between '
              'the two work well in their latest collaboration. Our senses are '
              'kept frantic by collapsed buildings, airplanes and trains '
              'crashing onto city streets, a rocket attack and an impending '
              'biological weapon explosion. The special effects are above '
              'average (you know that nothing can beat Hollywood), and the '
              'performances from the ensemble cast are commendable. Look out '
              'for the award winning Huang Bo who returns from the last movie '
              'as a criminal with a heart, as well as other familiar faces '
              'like Chang Chun Ning, Zha Na, Terri Kwan and our own '
              'Christopher Lee.Will Chao wow critics with his acting here? '
              "Unlikely, because from this point on, it's really about "
              'bringing in the bucks. And this very entertaining popcorn movie '
              'works delivers with its impressive production values.',
 'tt3428458': 'The film titled, Avalokitesvara, was produced in Beijing, China '
              'and released in 2013. The director of the film, Zhang Xin, digs '
              'deep into Chinese history surrounding the Great Anti-Buddhist '
              'Persecution that was ordered during the reign of Emperor '
              'Wuzong. The story follows a Princeling, his protector, a '
              'Japanese monk, as well as a brother and sister in their search '
              'and journey with a sacred Buddhist idol of the bodhisattva '
              'Avalokitesvara. Emperor Wuzong believed that Buddhism was '
              'corrupting the Chinese people and ordered that all but two '
              'temples be destroyed and any idols of gods be destroyed as '
              'well.\n'
              'During this time period, there were still close ties of '
              'religion to government. The distinction between government and '
              'politics was not made until modern times. The setting of the '
              'film is around 845 CE, when Buddhism had grown relatively large '
              'in most Asian countries. The purpose of the outlawing and '
              'persecution of Buddhists was to cleanse China from foreign '
              'influences that were thought to be contaminating the country. '
              'Emperor Wuzong strongly opposed Buddhism, as is apparent in the '
              'film, and took a belief in Taoism, a religion he saw native to '
              'China. There were economic, social, and religious reasons why '
              'the persecution took place, like winning the battle that almost '
              'bankrupted the country and Confucian intellectuals rallying '
              'about Buddhism undermining the social structure of China. These '
              'factors are important to note when watching the film, in order '
              'to distinguish the Buddhists from the Taoist Emperor and his '
              'army.\n'
              'Some parallels exist between the time period in this film and '
              'modern Chinese history. With a Communist government in place '
              'for many years now, the Chinese are not privy to persecution. '
              'The film wishes to convey a sense of acceptance to a '
              'contemporary Chinese audience. One of the main characters in '
              'the film is proposed to be the bodhisattva Avalokitesvara which '
              'is a goddess highly renowned for her compassion and '
              'forgiveness. This film is trying to tell contemporary China '
              'that everyone deserves forgiveness and everyone deserves to '
              'follow what they believe freely.\n'
              'I thought this film portrayed religion in a really special way. '
              'Buddhism, in this film, is seen as a respectable religion that '
              'people are willing to die and suffer for. Any idea that people '
              'are willing to suffer or die for is important. The Buddhist '
              'characters in the film are seen as very humble, generous, kind, '
              'and forgiving. I think it was interesting to note that there is '
              'a sharp distinction in positive traits between the Buddhist '
              'characters and the non-Buddhist characters. The non-Buddhist '
              'characters are not shown in the greatest light. They are '
              'portrayed as mean, cruel, unforgiving, and unaccepting. This is '
              'a sharp contrast from how they display all of the attributes of '
              'the Buddhist people.',
 'tt3431598': '"Twelve Citizens" is the Chinese version of Reginald Rose\'s '
              'legendary drama "Twelve Angry Men" from 1954. Instead of '
              "reinventing the content to assimilate it to China's "
              'contemporary culture, law system and society, the movie is '
              'almost an exact copy of the original masterpiece. The only '
              'important difference is that this movie shows us a fake trial '
              'inspired by the American law system held by parents of law '
              'school students who have worked on a case where a son is '
              'supposed to have killed his father and found him guilty. The '
              'parents have to debate whether the students did a good job and '
              'pass their exam. This means that the initial tension of the '
              "original where a man's life was at stake is completely missing "
              'in this movie. Another part that changed is that in this film, '
              'a rich boy living in the city killed his poor father in the '
              'countryside. Since China still has a restrictive communist '
              'government, rich young men are the same kind of outsiders that '
              'criminal slum kids were sixty years earlier in the United '
              'States of America. This speaks volumes for the contemporary '
              'conditions in this country but instead of honestly criticizing, '
              'exposing and solving these problems, the movie rejects the '
              'American law system and the ideology of democracy.This modern '
              'movie has almost nothing of the outstanding settings of the '
              'original movie with Herny Fonda among others. Even though most '
              "of this movie is also shot in one room, it's a very large one "
              'where people can walk around and away from each other at any '
              'time instead of a small jury room where tensions arise rather '
              'quickly. The heat is not as extreme as in the tense original '
              'film. Even though there are weather changes in this movie, they '
              "aren't very present and don't serve as guiding line to the "
              'story. The clever camera angles of the original are almost '
              'completely absent in this film since the cameras rarely film '
              "from above in the beginning and there aren't many close-ups "
              'either towards the end. The soundtrack is even more limited '
              'than the original and not memorable at all. At certain points, '
              'this movie feels as if it had been directed by some '
              'overambitious law school students and unexperienced movie fans '
              "that didn't exactly understand why the original version worked "
              'so brilliantly and still does until today.Despite being a copy '
              'of a great script that comes six decades too late, the movie is '
              'still enjoyable because the story is almost timeless and the '
              'original drama has an incredibly strong character development '
              "and perfect dialogues. The Chinese actors aren't as perfect but "
              'they are really solid and their performances are clearly better '
              'than many other television remakes of the original. Some '
              'characters have slightly different background stories if '
              'compared to the original which adds at least a handful of '
              'interesting new elements. We get to know an old man whose '
              'family got wrongfully criticized by an entire village due to '
              "Mao Zedong's failed reforms, a bitter, conservative and poor "
              'iceman who despises an entire Generation and a rational '
              'communist state prosecutor who obviously plays the protagonist '
              'of the story. This little detail is only revealed in the very '
              "last scene of the movie and that's why it's so important.This "
              'propaganda movie basically spreads three messages. First of '
              "all, the American law system is flawed and can't work in the "
              "People's Republic of China. Second, China's law system is "
              'better and the men and women who represent it are fair, '
              'impartial and modern. Third, China still has to move forward '
              'and deal with the demons of its own past, notably the impacts '
              "of Mao Zedong's reforms and the prejudices it spread and that "
              'still persist. The movie also tries to show more or less that '
              'contemporary young millionaires without any identity deserve as '
              'much respect as working men who have built an entire nation '
              'which is acceptable for this particular courtroom drama but '
              'debatable as a general statement.This movie unintentionally '
              "exposes China's heart and soul to the viewers and shows a "
              'generation caught between a restrictive system with obsolete '
              'values of the past and an egocentric globalized world where '
              "it's challenging to find your own place. It portrays a society "
              'without any common identity, values and virtues. From that '
              'point of view and if you read between the lines and go beyond '
              'the plot itself, this movie has a certain interest and almost '
              'feels like a social science study while the story itself is '
              'simply stated a cheap ripoff. The analysis of this flawed '
              'propagandistic perspective is what makes this movie much more '
              'interesting than anything else and the main reason for my '
              'generous Rating. This movie made me explore the past and '
              'contemporary struggles of a directionless yet fascinating '
              'country.',
 'tt3433170': 'Movie is actually excellent if you consider they are all '
              'newbies in the industry. At least from what we get here on '
              'IMDb, the director and all the main actors are newcomers. And '
              'for a first movie, the acting is quite honest and directing is '
              'not brilliant, but above average for a first movie. The '
              "fighting scenes are pretty good, although it's not street "
              "fighting at all. It's the same styled wushu for the screen. "
              "Which works after all, but don't expect truly street fighting "
              'in a more realistic way. At least the fights look realistic '
              "enough. Overall, the only downside for the movie is that we'd "
              'actually expect more fights. For 85 minutes or so, the plot '
              'gets lost in some dramas that are really not necessary. The two '
              'folks (fatty and his companion) are actually useless on the '
              "plot and a total waste of time. I'd rate 6/10, but it's a very "
              "solid movie for newbies and I'd say 7/10 for an action movie.",
 'tt3457380': 'As a movie that totally disrespects the audience and treats the '
              'audience as idiots, he has achieved the ultimate. Whether it is '
              'a bunch of female police officers showing the same appearance '
              "to Hong Kong sisters, they are still the 4B's troublemaker "
              'leader (I even doubt that the leader Is it necessary to not '
              'connect with movies without English dialogue), or wearing a '
              'slightly erotic heroine, the director spared no effort to use '
              'him as far as possible to bring us this video, which is not 3D, '
              'Except for the uneven three-dimensional feeling of rain in '
              'playing in the rain, the entire film is not even '
              'three-dimensional with subtitles. Despite the virtual reality '
              'in the game, I did not feel the meaning of the two words 3D, '
              'let alone Guo Caijie. Strange appearance. After watching this '
              'film, I almost lost my courage to go to the cinema. I think I '
              'took time to go to the cinema to watch a movie. People really '
              'have to take responsibility for their choice!',
 'tt3465456': 'This is certainly not a perfect movie, but 5 stars out of 10?!? '
              'its more a 6-7. The movie had humor and love and well it was '
              'typically Chinese in that there is no real happiness possible '
              'on earth for true love and only in death can you be together. '
              'But there is also a deeper message, can you love some enough '
              'that you would die for her or him, love some one enough that '
              'you would sacrifice your love, your memory of them to save '
              'them.I know I have never loved anyone like this, and never '
              'will. For seeing a glimpse of this magical fairy tale love, '
              'which is so powerful that not fulfilling it is an agony beyond '
              "description, that it turns one's hair white in an instant and "
              'that this love is so mighty that it will even conquer the '
              'forgetful mind, in a way it even conquers reality/death, since '
              'it shows the lovers ascending into the stars at the end, as if '
              'they have left the earth forever and went to a place were '
              'dreams are eternal.I love this kind of bullshit. Because we '
              'humans do not love like this, we love in many ways, we will '
              'even die for love etc. die for our children but rarely does a '
              'man or woman follow love with out question. And maybe we '
              "shouldn't since it can lead to madness and ruin and suffering "
              'without end, discarding all reason as we stalk the one we crave '
              'who wants to know nothing about us, but maybe that is not even '
              "love. I don't know and I won't ever know. But to believe that "
              'some one, somewhere out there has felt such a thing is joy '
              "enough to give this movie a 10 (even though it's more of a 6 on "
              'a rainy day). I hope no one feels offended by my sentimental '
              'bullshit.',
 'tt3467440': 'In summary, I very much enjoyed this film and am glad I watched '
              'it. It was challenging, although not intellectually.There are '
              "some great things about this film which I'll touch on below, "
              'but I give it a 7/10 when taking into account the lack of depth '
              'and predictability of the plot, the at times not so convincing '
              'acting and the opportunities passed up to delve a little deeper '
              "into the Nepalese culture (it's set in Nepal).For "
              "relate-ability, I'd give this film a 10 though. As a city- "
              'dwelling corporate citizen who is planning a trip to Nepal with '
              'a Chinese friend in the not too distant future to attempt to '
              'escape what feels like a contrived existence, I found myself '
              'challenged by the central message of the film. Be your true '
              'self.For what the film lacks in sophistication it makes up for '
              "with it's broad strokes commentary on modern life- we put up "
              'with so much for so little in return. We live away from our '
              'families just to subsist on busy-ness, all while making someone '
              'else a butt-load of cash.Who are you pretending to be? How will '
              "you be your own happy-go- lucky self? The film doesn't end with "
              'an answer, but it hints that there is one.',
 'tt3469964': 'Another movie that played at the Berlin International Festival '
              'this year, this feels a lot like a documentary. The reality of '
              'it all does strike you early on. Like with other movies you can '
              'see more than the characters involved. In this case, you '
              'literally can see more. The acting is superb, which is not an '
              'easy task for the cast to pull off.The story itself is not '
              'difficult to follow, but the drama that unfolds will either '
              'engulf you and keep you entangled with it all, or you will be '
              'annoyed by it. The acting as said before is not to be fault '
              'here though, this just might not be your type of movie. This is '
              'a slow burner and very character driven. Actually mostly '
              'character driven, with not many other highlights. Still the '
              'world that is portrayed is fascinating and sad at the same time '
              '...',
 'tt3505950': 'Anthology films about love and romance range from the '
              'intricately interwoven (Love Actually) to the episodic (Paris '
              "Je T'Aime) - the sweet, if patchy, Beijing Love Story makes a "
              'half-hearted stab at the former but falls more in the latter '
              "category. That's unsurprising, as it turns out, since this "
              'box-office-busting Chinese film takes as its inspiration the '
              '2012 television series of the same name. But what might have '
              "worked as discrete episodes on TV don't cohere quite as "
              'effectively in a film. Invariably, some of the stories cooked '
              'up by writer, director and star Chen Sicheng are wonderful - '
              'and others comparatively interminable.Designer Chen Feng (Chen) '
              "falls in love with Shen Yan (Tong Liya) at a friend's bachelor "
              'party, but finds that he might be too poor to sustain a '
              "relationship with her. Chen's boss (Wang Xuebing) cheats with "
              'alarming regularity on his dutiful wife (Yu Nan). Vengeful wife '
              'tries to cheat with her own employer (Tony Leung Ka-Fai), who '
              'in turns jets off to Greece for a decadent rendezvous with his '
              'mistress (Carina Lau). A young man (Liu Haoran) pines after his '
              'cello-playing classmate (Ouyang Nana). His grandfather (Wang '
              'Qingxiang) goes on a series of blind dates set up by choir '
              'teacher Mrs Gao (Siqin Gaowa).Of these five lightly '
              'inter-connected tales, two stand out. The first is the spiky, '
              'fascinating tryst between the pair of adulterers in Greece, '
              'which reveals itself to be so much more when the duo stop '
              'flirting and start arguing. Over the course of their '
              "conversation, it becomes clear that there's an unexpected "
              'wealth of depth and history to their sordid relationship. Leung '
              'and Lau are fantastic, coyly teasing each other before they '
              "start to scratch away at the very real emotional scars they've "
              'both suffered since their lives first intertwined.The second '
              'story - the string of blind dates set up for the reticent older '
              "gentleman - has its own little twist too, and it's the kind "
              "that will warm and break your heart in the same breath. Chen's "
              'grasp on this particular story is great: it starts out as a '
              'sweet, awkward tale about finding love later in life, before it '
              'segues almost seamlessly into a devastatingly simple, achingly '
              "profound love story.It's perhaps no coincidence that the two "
              "better stories in Chen's collection of five focus on "
              'protagonists who hardly ever get the spotlight in romantic '
              'movies. The other three tales, which revolve around the more '
              'conventionally young and pretty, are perfectly sweet and '
              'watchable but, barring a few great lines of dialogue, not '
              'especially memorable.Taken as a whole, this is an '
              'unapologetically sentimental, sometimes draggy tribute to the '
              'power of love in all its guises: whether in the first flush of '
              'puppy love, or the tangled mess of an affair. But Beijing Love '
              'Story does make up for what it frequently lacks in terms of its '
              "narrative with plenty of heart and a great cast. It's not "
              "necessarily amazing cinema, but, on at least two counts, it's "
              'very good story-telling.',
 'tt3508268': 'My parents were very fond of their childhood memory watching '
              'this film, so I looked it up and watched it. The story sets in '
              'a time in China when the political crisis has ended, and '
              'Chinese immigrants were permitted to return to the country. An '
              'American-born girl came to visit for the first time, and while '
              'she was visiting the Lushan Mountain, she fell in love with a '
              'local student studying for his university entrance exams. They '
              'soon began dating on the mountain, visiting the different '
              'astonishing attractions the mountain was famous for. The entire '
              'film was shot on the mountain itself, and the natural scenery '
              'captured by the film are precious documentary as of today for '
              'those who are unable to visit the mountain, including myself. '
              'The film also incorporates an ideology promoted at that time, '
              'to welcome foreign talents to China to help with building the '
              'Chinese economy. This is still somehow an ideology endorsed by '
              'the Chinese government nowadays. However, what captivated the '
              'audience in the film is that it is just a simple love story, '
              'and my mother is one of the many fans of this film. The film is '
              'also known for holding the Guinness World Record for the '
              'longest continuous run of a film in one cinema, the film was '
              'premiered in a cinema on the mountain in 1980, and has been '
              'showing this film everyday for 38 years, and still showing it '
              'nowadays.',
 'tt3511164': 'I rarely have an opportunity to watch a low budget tryout from '
              'China. I just had an opportunity to watch this film in my local '
              'movie theater where there were only one more person besides '
              'me.The film revolves around daily lives of Chinese male and '
              'female prostitutes. I am not sure is the film realistic, I '
              'never been to China nor did I see lives of prostitutes there. I '
              'have to believe the film maker about the whole idea.Like every '
              'other low budget film this one had problem with cinematography, '
              'acting, plot and overall staying interesting. But, students '
              'have to try to make film before growing older and making more '
              'serious films. I would take this film just as an example of '
              'student experimenting. If you want to see how it looks go for '
              'it, otherwise forget it.',
 'tt3540136': "I personally enjoyed this movie a lot. It's rapid-paced, "
              "intense and quite entertaining. I've also read that some of the "
              'action sequences are actually coming from real Chinese special '
              'force members who invented them and put them in use in reality. '
              "It's also a milestone in Chinese movie genres. Chinese movie is "
              'famous for action genres but this one is the first hybrid of '
              "genres of action and military. And it's not tradition Chinese "
              'martial arts which is mainly for the purpose of performance and '
              'exercise, not practical combat. The actions in this movie are a '
              'reflection of, but a little glorified, modern military combat. '
              "However, I'd say the directing is the biggest weakness of the "
              "movie. It's understandable, because the main protagonist "
              'directed the movie himself. He admitted in an interview that he '
              "really didn't want to direct the movie because he was not a "
              'professional director. He was just an martial arts actor. But '
              'he spent a lot time and efforts trying to find some '
              'professional directors to direct this movie and investors to '
              'invest but in vain because no one thinks this genre would be '
              'popular. He had to do everything by himself and invest in the '
              'movie out of his own pocket. So the movie took 7 years to make. '
              'It turned out to be great success at the Chinese box office. If '
              'there were professional people helping him refine the plot as '
              'well as directing the movie from the beginning, this movie '
              "could've been a lot better. Given all these reasons, I gave it "
              'an 8 out of 10. On a side note, by looking at some of the '
              'reviews here, I am amazed by how many people have ridiculous '
              'double standards. When it comes to a Chinese military movie, it '
              "is just Chinese propaganda so it's lame, untrustworthy and "
              'worthless. But when it is Black hawk down or American Sniper or '
              'any American patriot movies, it heroic, righteous and '
              'meaningful even if the movie is about a western country '
              'engaging in a war that causes many civilians to die on other '
              "nation's soil. In contrary, China, no matter how bad it is "
              'portrayed in western movies, it never incurs any war in other '
              'countries. Chinese army is built to protect its people from '
              "invaders, not to invade. It's funny that how many westerners "
              'are brainwashed by their biased media and "propaganda". The '
              'world is big and every story has two sides. People should get '
              'out of their home and take a look at the outside world. Only by '
              'this way can a person form a more objective, mature outlook of '
              'things, especially when it comes to political affairs. I '
              'believe I am entitled to say this because I myself has 10+ yrs '
              'living experiences in both China and USA and I know how media '
              "are manipulated and twisted in both countries. Now I don't "
              'fully trust either source solely. Rather, they complement each '
              'other pretty well to give you a quite clear picture about what '
              'is the truth about everything and how media only serve the '
              'interest of their own country, even though at the expense of '
              'sacrificing objectivity and authenticity.',
 'tt3541704': 'The scenario is Mongolia in the 1930s. Since 1928 Mongolia was '
              'a Soviet republic aligned with the USSR. In 1931 Japan invaded '
              'Manchuria and started to make threatening moves towards '
              'Mongolia shortly after. These moves were resisted by the '
              'Mongolians with assistance from the USSR. In July 1939 Japan '
              'launched an all out assault. The USSR responded with a massive '
              'counterattack that resulted in a series of engagements (the '
              'battles of Khalkhin Gol) where the invading Japanese army was '
              'trounced and expelled from Mongolia.The movie takes place '
              'before Khalkhin Gol in two time frames. In the earlier one '
              'Norjmaa, a young Mongolian woman, sees her fiancé Hanggai join '
              'the Mongolian cavalry to confront the Japanese. In the other '
              'time frame, years later, Norjmaa is waiting against all hope '
              'for the return of Hanggai. She accidentally finds two badly '
              'wounded soldiers, one Russian, the other Japanese, and nurses '
              'them back to life. What follows is a tale not exempt of some '
              'improbabilities and cliches but the balance of the movie is '
              'positive. Acting is first rate and the director and '
              'cinematographer capture fully the eerie beauty of the unlimited '
              'Mongolian steppes and the character of its inhabitants '
              'reflected in their religious practices and haunting folk songs. '
              'As a bonus we witness stirring demonstrations of Mongol '
              'horsemanship. A movie worth watching.',
 'tt3574822': 'This movie made my soul hurt. The story is garbage, the '
              'animation would have been bad for 1983 and the voice acting was '
              'awful.',
 'tt3579688': 'This film tells the story of a successful businessman who has a '
              'series of ex-girlfriends. He meets a charming girl in an '
              "ex-girlfriend's wedding, and they develop a relationship. "
              'However, his ex-girlfriends keep popping up in his life, making '
              'the girl very jealous. Their relationship is further tested by '
              "the girl's charming and rich Korean ex-boyfriend. The first "
              'ninety five percent of the film is really bad, because the plot '
              'is super cheesy and unbelievable. My eyes rolled so many times '
              "because of the over the top plot and acting. I can't quite "
              "believe that a wedding banquet will have tables for exes. It's "
              "just too contrived. Then, the dialogues are terrible, I can't "
              'believe there are lines such as "I\'m so thin that I only have '
              'busts". It\'s just horrid.The last five minutes or so becomes '
              "surprisingly good. The confessional speech by Meng Yun's "
              'business partner is very touching and real. I was moved by it. '
              'The ending is nice as well, as it finally gets mature and '
              'serious. If only they tone down the comedy and make it a little '
              'more serious like the last five minutes, "EX-Files" would have '
              'been so much better.',
 'tt3581276': 'There is something terribly wrong with this kungfu movie. As a '
              'parody it would have been extremely hilarious if not for the '
              'fact that the film is meant to be taken seriously. ( I have to '
              'add that the version I saw was dubbed in English. Dubbing for '
              'these kinds of movies always have been done poorly and this is '
              'no different. Now that being said, this does have no '
              'consequence of the way the film is edited and filmed). The way '
              'everything is filmed, edited and the way it looks and sounds '
              'screams low budget. It is almost like a throwback to those old '
              'Seventies and Eighties kungfu flicks where the hero was out for '
              'revenge after a relative was killed: " You killed my father, '
              'die you devil" "And I will use the crane style to do it". That '
              'was like the whole dialogue and then you were shown some '
              'incredible martial arts. However in this one it is all '
              'horrible. Here and there are some brilliant pieces of fighting '
              'which only lasts for seconds. It gets worse though. A famous '
              'martial artist / actor makes an appearance. Only for a few '
              'minutes. But in those few minutes he displays the best action '
              'that there is to be found in the whole damn movie. His skills '
              'puts all of the action seen before to shame. So who is this guy '
              'I speak of? Well, are you ready? (And before people are '
              'accusing me of spoiling. In this case I am doing you a service. '
              'If by some unfortunate accident you got a hold of this piece of '
              'crap then you can redeem yourself by skipping to the last five '
              'minutes to the moment where he makes his appearance). His name '
              'is Yuen Biao. Say what now? What is he doing in this awful '
              'feature? This is obviously a money thing. But why would he '
              'stoop so low? It makes no sense. So in the name of all that is '
              "holy. STAY CLEAR from this movie! Don't buy it, don't watch it, "
              'just ignore it for gods sake because honestly films like these '
              'should never ever be rewarded with any profit. This is one of '
              'those that you should not even watch when it is free. Is it '
              'that bad Chrichton? Yes it is!',
 'tt3585004': 'Zhong Kui (Chen Kun) has been trained as a scholar and a demon- '
              'hunter; the God Zhang has taken him as a pupil in preparation '
              'for stealing the Dark Crystal, which the demons of hell own and '
              'use to store stolen human spirits. Zhong achieves that quest, '
              'but the King of the demons enlists the aid of Snow Girl (Li '
              'Bingbing) to steal the Crystal back. Matters become more '
              'complicated when it becomes clear that Zhong and Snow Girl were '
              'former lovers, and they still mean more to each other than '
              'human and demon should. Will their love save - or destroy - the '
              'three realms of Heaven, Earth and Hell?This is a beautifully '
              'striking film, filled with gorgeous scenery and marvelous fight '
              'scenes. The film-makers went all out with CGI monsters and '
              'other effects, using a number of different companies (including '
              'Weta Workshop), although that decision results in uneven '
              'effects from time to time. For example, some scenes look more '
              'like a video game than a movie. But overall, the spectacle '
              'holds up well, although I think I might need repeated viewings '
              'to understand the whole thing!',
 'tt3594826': '... TO TELL THE DIFFERENCE.I watch a lot of movies ... so many '
              'that the IMDb once tagged me and released me into the wild to '
              'see what theatre I would pick.After reading the other member '
              'reviews (thanks guys) I think the reason I enjoyed it so much '
              'is that I never read the novel nor did I bring any '
              'preconceptions.What I found was a beautifully filmed, acted, '
              'and directed movie which was just daffy and unpredictable '
              'enough to hold my attention.You say PO-TAE-TOE. I say '
              'PA-TAT-O.What others see as a mishmash and fighting among '
              'writers and directors I see as a puzzle that the viewer needs '
              'to put together.Recommended.',
 'tt3655928': 'I had watched this film when I was in U.S. and sounded very '
              "interesting. Since, I didn't know this part of Tibet that I "
              'could not judge it. However, after awhile I found a Tibetan '
              'from this region published a review online and the review '
              'argues the film misrepresents that region. Maybe, you would '
              'like to read that review if you watched the film. I am going to '
              "paste the first part of the review and link here:Khashem Gyal's "
              'film, Valley of the Heroes, focuses on language and cultural '
              'change on the northeast Tibetan Plateau. I watched the premiere '
              'at Qinghai Nationalities University in May 2013, and have since '
              'watched it several times. The film has been screened at various '
              'venues in the USA and internationally. As a Tibetan from the '
              'area Valley of the Heroes focuses on – Hualong Hui Autonomous '
              'County[2] – this film is of particular interest to me.Kashem '
              "Gyal's (Mkhar byams rgyal) debut film was made while he was an "
              'undergraduate at Qinghai Nationalities University in 2013.[3] '
              "The film's promotional materials describe the content:Valley of "
              'the Heroes offers a rare glimpse at a pivotal moment of '
              'cultural and linguistic transition among Tibetans and Muslims '
              'in Hualong County, a remote community in Amdo, Tibet, part of '
              'what is now eastern Qinghai Province, China. Over the past '
              'several decades, Tibetans living in Hualong have experienced '
              'rapid cultural shifts, accelerated by language loss – today, '
              'more than 30% are unable to speak their own native language. '
              'The film spends time with an assortment of village residents '
              'and elders who reflect on the changes taking place in their '
              'community, and also documents a unique Tibetan language program '
              'that is attempting to address the situation. Valley of the '
              'Heroes serves as both a warning call and glimmer of hope for '
              'the future of Tibet.[4]The film has subtitles in English, '
              'Tibetan, and Chinese. Japanese will be added for the DVD '
              'release. The subtitles use different colors for Chinese and '
              'Tibetan, allowing audiences who do not speak Tibetan or Chinese '
              'to appreciate how these languages are used together in everyday '
              'conversation.The film focuses on the complex relations between '
              'language, religion, and ethnicity. We meet several elderly '
              'Muslims who speak Tibetan fluently, and who claim that they '
              'were originally Tibetans who subsequently converted to Islam. '
              'The film shows how all local youths now speak only Chinese, or '
              'speak Tibetan mixed with Chinese. It also shows a group of '
              'Tibetan student-volunteers who teach Tibetan to local children, '
              'under difficult physical conditions. The volunteers clearly '
              'consider that the Tibetan language and culture will soon '
              'disappear from the communities they are working with. '
              'Additionally, the film shows several experts (Tsering Thar[5], '
              "Gyur me[6], and Tenzin Sangbo) discussing aspects of Hualong's "
              'history and culture. Finally, the film depicts gambling, '
              'smoking, and drinking alcohol among Tibetans in Hualong.In '
              'terms of the subtitles in different language that indicates the '
              'intended audiences are Tibetans in general, people in China, '
              'and foreign audiences. And although the film focuses only on '
              'two villages, it is clear that it is intended to speak about '
              'issues of language and culture endangerment in Tibetan society '
              "more broadly.While appreciating Khashem Gyal's passion for "
              'Tibetan language and culture that motivated him to make this '
              'film, I disagree with certain aspects of this film, which I '
              'wish to discuss here.I will begin with the poster for the film '
              '(see above). The poster shows an elderly man wearing a white '
              'skullcap, staring out over a valley from a mountain top. The '
              'skullcap tells us he is Muslim and it seems that what he is '
              'gazing at is the Valley of the Heroes. I also feel that there '
              'is the implication that Muslims are socially and culturally the '
              'dominant group in Hualong. This poster makes me uncomfortable, '
              'and I assume many other Tibetans from my hometown would feel '
              'similarly.Many aspects of the film misrepresent the reality of '
              'Tibetan life in Hualong in a number of significant ways; for '
              'example, I disagree with the suggestion that the Chinese term '
              "'Hualong' is derived from the Tibetan 'Dpa' lung' 'Valley of "
              "Heroes'. There are no historical records or explanations of "
              'this term. The correct Tibetan name for Hualong is Ba yan. '
              "There are different perspectives about the term 'Ba yan'. For "
              "some, 'Ba' here means 'cows', and it is claimed, in jest, that "
              'Ba yan used to have more cows than people, suggesting that it '
              'was a poor, backward area. Others suggest that Ba yan is '
              "Mongolian meaning 'rich' 'prosperous'.In recent years, when "
              'people ask Hualong Tibetans, "Where are you from?" some answer '
              '"I am from the Valley of the Heroes." Some say this to be '
              "humorous, and the name 'Valley of the Heroes' sounds "
              'impressive, implying that Hualong residents are heroes. Another '
              'reason is because of widespread prejudice against Hualong '
              'Tibetans by certain A mdo Tibetans since Hualong was designated '
              'as an autonomous Hui county in 1931 (Shengkui and Chenggang '
              '1994). Consequently, certain Tibetans consider Hualong to be an '
              'area devoid of a Tibetan population: When a Hualong Tibetan '
              'says, "I am from Hualong," Tibetans from other counties '
              'sometimes ask, "Oh, have you converted to Islam?"',
 'tt3672840': 'I was invited to go see the Jackie Chan/Adrian Brody/John '
              'Cusack Chinese pseudo-historical period drama called Dragon '
              'Blade(though its Chinese title is more along the lines of "Day '
              'of the Lion" and has nothing to do with dragons or lions... '
              'confused yet? Just wait...).In it Jackie Chan plays a guard '
              'commander on the Silk Road who absolutely refuses to use '
              'violence, which pretty much makes him the worst guard ever. '
              'John Cusack plays a super-tired looking Roman General on the '
              'run leading a Legion who all speak English but have what is '
              'supposed to be a stirring Roman "national anthem" which is in '
              "Latin. Oh, and even though it's the year 458 BC, Jackie Chan "
              'can still speak English... but more Chingrishy than usual '
              '(cringing intensifies). Adrian Brody plays a ridiculously evil '
              'Consul and was developed by someone who had absolutely no idea '
              'what a Roman Consul was and thought it was hereditary, thereby '
              'necessitating he kill his father and blind his little brother '
              'so that "he could never take power." Seriously, dude. You have '
              'to get elected every year... and usually have to wait 10 before '
              'running again... sigh... . Consul Brody marches an army of '
              '100,000 to conquer the Silk Road which is apparently about a '
              "day's hike even though it's like 8,000 miles away. Captain Chan "
              'and General Cusack strike up an unlikely and utterly '
              "unconvincing friendship to rebuild a city's outer walls, the "
              'Romans show how "smart" they are by wasting half their schedule '
              'constructing huge machines to do the work instead of using the '
              'ample labor supply available (it is, after all, a labor camp). '
              'The Legion and the "Silk Road Protection Squad" have what I '
              'thought of as a "Bring It On" style dance-off using their '
              'respective military drills, than that goes into a sparring '
              'match, and then hugs all around. And then they have a singing '
              'competition. No. Seriously. They have a singing competition... '
              'with a blind kid. In Latin. I made none of this up. . Jackie '
              'Chan intermittently goes from being a super-boring goof ball a '
              "la everything Chan's ever been in... to the film randomly "
              'cutting back to confusing, only-semi-explained flashbacks to '
              'when he accidentally suffocated his sister to death as a child, '
              'and then stabbed a general in the side who tried to comfort '
              'him... all of this leading (somehow) to his deciding to protect '
              'the Silk Road using the power of nonviolence forever. Then the '
              '"bad" Romans show up and the movie turns a 180 and goes into '
              'hyper-drive blood, death, and gore. That little blind kid? '
              'Thrown off the top of the city wall. John Cusack gets his eyes '
              'cut out, is crucified, and then is "mercifully" ended by Jackie '
              'Chan who breaks form to but an arrow through his neck (he then '
              'goes back to letting pretty much any and everyone kill for him '
              "and on his behalf until the end). Chan's impossibly-saintly "
              "teacher-wife takes 2 arrows in the back. There's a random, "
              'gruesome extreme closeup of a Roman soldier taking a Hun arrow '
              'in the face *through* a wooden plank. Huns (including the '
              'super-hot Lin Peng as Cold Moon), and 30-something other '
              '"races" all join together to fight the Eeevul Cosul Adrian '
              "Brody, and it's like something directly out of The Hobbit #3 "
              'with a flipping horde of eagles gouging eyes out, and doomed '
              'last stands. . Adrian Brody stabs his grandfather and almost '
              'beheads Jackie Chan, but then Chan does something with the '
              "weird little arm guard he's worn the whole movie (even though "
              'his whole squad is shown to practice with sweet swords that can '
              'be thrown and retracted, they are used once, ONCE the whole '
              "film. Brody gets his neck slashed, but opt to keep Jackie's "
              'kill could at 1 by then taking his dagger and stabbing himself '
              'in the heart while mumbling the (completely made up) Roman '
              'national anthem again. Then the remaining Romans and the member '
              'of the 30-whatever nations all join up to keep the SIlk Road '
              'safe and war-free for everyone. .The film is bookended by '
              'explorers who find the ruins of the city, and then decide not '
              "to tell anyone and keep it a secret... *even though that's "
              "their whole job. Their ONLY job.* . The End. . I haven't seen a "
              'movie this unfocused, confused, and just... bad... in a long '
              'while. If you find yourself in my position, with someone '
              'offering you a free ticket... Just. Say. No. Say no to terrible '
              'cinematography. . I wish I had extra hands so I could give this '
              'movie four thumbs down.',
 'tt3696086': 'First the good things: Tang Wei is a competent actress, '
              'perfectly cast for the role. high production value. good '
              'attention to details.Now for the bad: over 3 hours long! The '
              'director is so in love with herself, if she had hired a proper '
              'editor, the film would have been a much superior one at 90 min. '
              'Deliberately trying to be avant-garde. breaking the mold for '
              'the sake of breaking mold. The movie is dotted with interviews '
              'of the characters around the author, some experimental '
              'technique, which completely breaks the immersion while '
              'contributing nothing to the film.summary: tries to be '
              "avant-garde like Duras' films, but lacking.",
 'tt3717186': "This is IMDb's synopsis for Ameera: The film tells the female "
              'agent Ameera after a failed mission, private life crisis, '
              'conspiracy, and attempt to create organizational struggle '
              'Resident Evil dark story found during the processing of '
              "personal crisis.Doesn't make much sense, does it?Let me explain "
              'in simple terms what the film is really about: boobs.Actress '
              'Mengyuan Hu, who plays beautiful secret agent Ameera, is '
              'blessed in the chest and director Honghui Xu misses no '
              "opportunity to exploit his star's impressive physical "
              'attributes, putting them front and centre whenever possible, so '
              "much so that they prove very distracting. Maybe that's why the "
              'IMDb synopsis is so garbled: whoever wrote it had just as much '
              'trouble concentrating on the plot as I did.In addition to the '
              'many, many cleavage shots, director Xu also throws in a bit of '
              'unexceptional martial arts and plenty of mediocre shootouts, '
              'explosions and chase scenes (utilising some incredibly bad '
              'CGI). As an action thriller, the film is a total failure; as a '
              'spot of cheap titillation, it fares much better.',
 'tt3720058': 'This film tells the story of a psychiatrist who uses hypnosis '
              'to treat a very difficult case, which is a woman who believes '
              'that she can see ghosts.I heard good things about it, but I '
              'really did not expect "The Great Hypnotist"to be this good. To '
              'begin with, the topic of hypnosis is quite mysterious, which is '
              'a good setting for a thriller. The plot is engaging and '
              'suspenseful, especially the very unexpected twist happening in '
              "the middle. This twist doesn't feel contrived. Even though in "
              'retrospect there are telltale signs of the trust in the being, '
              "I just did not expect the twist coming. I'm very impressed by "
              'the plot. I very much enjoyed watching "The Great Hypnotist", '
              "as it's an unexpectedly good thriller.",
 'tt3729818': 'It is difficult to believe that Collin Chou decided to be in '
              'this kind of horrible movie. Not only is it primarily about '
              'showing off women in low-cut shirts and generally too scantily '
              'dressed, but it also has one of the worst and most pointless '
              'story lines ever seen in a Chinese action movie.The story is '
              'about five girls who venture into an undisturbed jungle to find '
              'a seclusive tribe of people. As they find it and become part of '
              'the tribe, a gang of bad guys come along and blow everything '
              'up.Right! The most plausible storyline ever told, and '
              'everything was just reeking to high heavens. Man, this was a '
              'mile wide swing and a miss from director Huayang Fu. So a tribe '
              'that has lived isolated for 500 years just welcome strangers '
              'into their midst with open arms and closed eyes. Right, indeed. '
              'And why would anyone gain from exterminating a tribe in the '
              "middle of an unexplored jungle? No, it just didn't make sense "
              'whatsoever.Sure, I can understand the thing about spirit '
              'animals and totems, but when a mere man starts to be able to '
              'make tiger sounds, then it is when things become too much and '
              'too ridiculous.And the way that the five women all sounded like '
              'nasal plastic dolls, are you kidding me? I could hardly stand '
              'listening to them screeching as they went about their acting '
              'and performing their lines. And the dialogue, while we are on '
              'it, was equally bad. It seemed that a 12 year old had been in '
              'charge of writing all the dialogue.The only thing that made '
              'this train wreck of a movie even semi-watchable was the action '
              'and martial arts scenes.Colin Chou was unable to salvage this '
              'movie, as were Wang Dayili, and these two were the only ones '
              'who even put on anything that even resembled an effort to make '
              'the movie work."Angel Warriors" will sink to the bottom of '
              'Chinese cinema history and be forgotten like a shameful moment '
              'of weakness. Stay well clear of this movie, you will be in for '
              'a poor experience.',
 'tt3740778': 'Director Zhangke Jia is not afraid to tackle the problems of '
              "modern China, and 'Mountains May Depart' is no exception. The "
              'film touches upon issues such as growing inequality, poor '
              'working conditions and corruption, but the central theme is the '
              'price the country is prepared to pay for its obsession with '
              'material progress.The film is set in Fenyang, a northern coal '
              "mining city and the director's hometown. In 1999, at the eve of "
              'the new millennium, eighteen year old Tao (played by the '
              "director's wife Tao Zhao) has to choose between two suitors: "
              'the honest but ordinary coal miner Liangzi and the flashy '
              "bragger Zhang. She sees right through Zhang's bravado, but "
              "can't resist the promise of a better life, symbolized by his "
              "red Volkswagen, 'perfect for the next century'. Liangzi feels "
              'humiliated and leaves town.Fifteen years later, Tao is '
              'well-off, but divorced and unhappy. Her seven year old son is '
              'living the good life with his father in Shanghai. Liangzi, in '
              'the mean time, is terribly ill and returns to Fenyang. Filled '
              "with remorse, Tao helps him financially but doesn't seem to be "
              'able to relate to him on an emotional basis.Flash-forward '
              "another ten years into the future, and Tao's son is living with "
              'his father in Australia. He had to leave China, it turns out, '
              'because of anti-corruption campaigns. The boy is a spoilt and '
              'clueless brat, who refuses to speak Chinese to his father, but '
              'finds some emotional warmth with his Chinese teacher.The first '
              "two parts of the film are excellent. Tao's moral choices, the "
              'contrast between progress and tradition, the power of money - '
              "it's all shown in a beautiful heartfelt way. The director "
              'anchors the story with recurring images, like a tall pagoda on '
              'the banks of the Yellow River, and spices it with small '
              'symbolic items like dumplings and keys. An interesting feature '
              'is the changing aspect ratio: in the first episode the screen '
              'is almost square, and it widens until it is widescreen in the '
              'last episode. Another feature is the way dialogues are filmed: '
              'repeatedly the director frames only one participant. And a '
              'third peculiarity are some high-impact scenes without a clear '
              'meaning or function in the story: a crashing military plane, a '
              'coal truck losing some of its cargo, a nervous caged tiger.The '
              'sad thing about this movie is that the third part is very '
              'different from the first two parts, and lacks the quality of '
              'it. Not only are we introduced to different protagonists, also '
              'in this part the dialogue and acting are clumsy and unnatural, '
              "the story lacks focus and the scenes seem pointless. It's as if "
              'the director loses his golden touch when the story leaves '
              'China.Still, in this last episode, the message is hammered '
              'home: the strive for material wealth leads to emotional '
              'poverty.',
 'tt3744264': "I don't know how this movie got such high rated reviews, maybe "
              'we watched different films, but in ny opinion it failed in '
              'several different ways. The writing is cheesy and the acting is '
              'awful. The only person whose acting was believable was the Neil '
              'character, everyone else around him was just reading a script. '
              'Even her pretending to be a doctor was cringeworthy to watch.',
 'tt3752930': "Since 2004, most of Peter Chan's films were big-budget "
              'production, co-produced with China, such as Perhaps Love, Wu '
              'Xia, but lost the precious spirit he had. For Dearest, Peter '
              'Chan recovers his credit. Not only The watchable Dearest '
              "doesn't become the propaganda as most of mainland films like, "
              'but also refuse to be anti-govern picture. Dearest honestly '
              'focus on lost and return. The screenplay is good writing, but a '
              'little weak in the second part, thankfully, upgrading by '
              'unimaginable Chiu Mei (aka Zhao Wei). Additionally, Editing and '
              'Cinematography are perfect.Chen should thank to his great '
              'ensemble cast. Huang Bo proves he is not only the best comedy '
              'actor, but also an intelligent drama performer. Hao, who played '
              'Lu Xiaojuan, has the most wonderful character, a ex-wife who '
              'had cheated her ex-husband, an ill-mannered lady who destroyed '
              'her current marriage, a victim who facing the foster mother, '
              'and the heart breaking mother whose child has forget her. '
              'However, she wast the best role of the film, Hao excelled one '
              "dimension of the lost child mother. It's easy to feel sympathy "
              'for the role, however, frail it is. Surprisingly, Zhang Yi '
              "remarkable portray steal the sense. At Pangpang's birthday "
              'party, his helpless and depression should be his award '
              'moment.Undoubtedly, the greatest performance from Zhao, an '
              'underrated actress in China. Granted, she has less scenes than '
              'Huang and Hao, and the poor support by script of her part, but '
              'she control the gravity of the whole film. Zhao shows a complex '
              'and paradox humanity in a simple, low- educated personality. '
              'Her restrained and spell-blinding acting style would establish '
              'her as Chinese Ellen Burstyn.',
 'tt3781476': 'Chinese animation has been through a rough time, it missed the '
              'mark so many times when used to create epic legend. However, it '
              'seems that the eccentric animation just found its niche with '
              'the blend of humor, drama and action fantasy that is Monster '
              'Hunt. It shockingly deals with a few eerie themes yet presented '
              'in family friendly light humorous way, almost like MIB in '
              'ancient China.In a world where monster and human live in '
              'inharmonious way, an ordinary man finds himself in a struggle '
              'between the monster kingdom and human hunters. It opens up with '
              'typical fantasy troupe, then escalates with good comedic tone '
              'as well as healthy dose of martial art stunts. The cast works '
              'fine, especially with famous names as supporting characters or '
              'cameos, some of them are added for comedy relief.The tone might '
              "feel awkward, it's often playful but then it displays "
              'incredibly creepy prejudice against the monster, even down to '
              'eating and torturing them. Granted, some of them look like '
              'radish or salad, although the abrupt change of pace can be '
              'startling. There are definitely some odd twists here. '
              'Fortunately enough, the core drama is light humor, with '
              'endearing family value thrown into the mix. It mostly deals '
              'with platonic funny theme, and fans of Chinese cinema should '
              'find the humor familiar.For a movie that uses animation and '
              'action choreography at the same time, Monster Hunt looks '
              'amazing, especially in the second half with gorgeous setting. '
              "It's one of the best animations Chinese has produced, it's much "
              'smoother than the rest and these silly designs are well '
              'integrated into the world. The feel of uncanny valley actually '
              'works in their favor since the monsters only partially resemble '
              'human yet they look harmless enough to be friendly.Monster Hunt '
              'has all the elements of Chinese fantasy movie, the visual '
              'effect and also the soundtracks enhance the flamboyantly cheesy '
              "premise. It's a well-produced action comedy and definitely a "
              'crowd pleaser.',
 'tt3793116': 'I was drawn to the movie by the flashy names of the director, '
              'the cast and the intriguing story line. However the film failed '
              'miserably to convey the intricacies between the characters. The '
              'plots randomly plucked out of the original novels are '
              'disjointed and disconcerting. It lacks a natural flow. The '
              'whole cross cultural spin is a disaster- not only did it '
              'further handicap any potential chemistry between the main '
              'characters, you are not even sure if the characters understood '
              'what they are saying to each other. By the way, did the camera '
              'crew notice how yellow and ashy the city look the entire time? '
              'A+ for cinematography and supporting roles, D- for editing, '
              'props, make up and casting. I seriously can not recall the last '
              'romance/suspense film that I felt asleep watching.',
 'tt3816526': 'The story starts with a Taiwanese lady and her daughter, going '
              'back to Beijing, and a couple in Beijing in the 21st year of '
              'Republic of China. This part of the story seems ridiculous, '
              'using the montage.But soon, as the development of the story, '
              "there's a relationship between the past, and present people. "
              "The couple's daughter is believed to be the great-grandmother "
              "of the lady.That's when the horror part comes in. The horror, "
              'however, turned out to be something else. Just watch the film '
              'and get known to it. I believe the last minutes, after the '
              'climax contained most information of the film, pacing up.I '
              "really appreciated the director and the writer's skill, since "
              'they seems to have a great ability of controlling the plot, and '
              'time, to make the audience closely follows their vision, or the '
              "vision they want to present. That's what I believe, the current "
              'Chinese Film Industry, is lack of, and should be aware of.For '
              'the cinematography, the PD used a lot of tracking shot with '
              'zooming. I believed its cinematography is the best among the '
              "Chinese film's I watched recently.All in all, I believe this "
              'film is wonderful, especially for modern Chinese Film Industry. '
              'Just hope more non-horror movies with the same way of '
              'delivering story should emerge in China, to let Chinese know '
              'what is called good film. Not just the chase, not just the '
              'fight, and not always the fame, to taste the genuine art of '
              'film.',
 'tt3843282': 'An excellent documentary. The framing and composition is '
              'outstanding. A must see film.',
 'tt3856504': 'I viewed this film on a trans-Pacific flight recently. It did '
              'not disappoint. It is another in a growing body of films from '
              'the 5th generation of mainland Chinese directors onward that '
              'captures the pathos of living in a society where trust of '
              'anyone outside the family risks loss of face or worse.In "A '
              'Fool," anyone with "ren qing," or a heart for the plight of '
              'common people, is susceptible to playing the fool. But this '
              'film is not merely a cautionary tale as it richly reveals the '
              'irony first captured in The Beatles song, "The Fool on the '
              'Hill," albeit not deliberately. The film forms a question for '
              'the viewer: Who is the real fool in a country where civil '
              'society is so lacking and where the government does little to '
              'encourage it much more inspire it?I was genuinely touched by '
              'misadventures of the sheep farmer who tries to do the right '
              'thing to such a consistent degree that he has gained notoriety '
              'in town for it. But his reputation is tainted by a gnawing '
              'sense that he is ridiculed more than admired for his simple '
              'humanity. Even his dignity is called into question by his '
              'abiding wife and his would-be benefactors, adding an element of '
              'pathos, to what are otherwise quite funny retorts bordering on '
              'gallows humor.It helps if the viewer already has an '
              'appreciation for this brand of humor as well as some '
              'socio-cultural understanding of rural life in contemporary '
              'China, although it is not necessary.',
 'tt3861006': 'This film is not recommended for normal people, because a large '
              'number of movie scenes are only suitable for psychiatric '
              "patients, with the world's worst actor Yang Mi in the movie, "
              "where I can also say that Guo Jingming is the world's worst "
              'director is worse than the low cost of India films, now I know '
              "why Chinese film market why can't really go international, I "
              "really want to ask the director and screenwriter don't take "
              'such low-level films, it is affected Chinese film, especially '
              'an actor in a movie, you really can get withdrawal '
              'entertainment world, then to shoot adult movies, you is not '
              "really suitable for shooting the movie, the audience also don't "
              'want to see your such a silly movie',
 'tt3890264': "I didn't know exactly what to expect, but the trailer looked "
              'original and I wanted a change from all the usual films that I '
              'watch. I was pleasantly surprised. There is a brutal honesty in '
              'the script that really helps you connect with the main '
              'character. The twist at the end was also really nice, putting '
              'things together in an unexpected, but totally consistent '
              'way.The story is about this guy who went through a recent '
              'divorce with a wife that he still loves and, convinced by his '
              'womanizing buddy, leaves on a road trip. But the comedy is not '
              'really in weird and fantastic adventures on the road, but on '
              'realistic and often hard breaking acting from the lead actor '
              "while normal things happen around him. I mean, you don't like "
              'him because he is charming, or sexy or even a nice guy. He is '
              'far from perfect, but he is a normal guy and the things that '
              'happen to him are so familiar because they happen to us as '
              'well. And the comedy is so much more bitter-sweet because it '
              "doesn't feel like a fantasy.I also liked that it is an easy "
              'going movie on one level, but has real subtlety and depth at '
              "the next. The budget wasn't great, the acting not stellar, but "
              'the film was totally worth it.',
 'tt3890278': 'The story started with a stubborn retired widow who insisted '
              "her involvement in her two sons' life. Before viewers find this "
              'line a prototype depicting, a second layer of story was laid, a '
              'series of mysterious anonymous calls, brick breaking-in and '
              'garbage dropping disrupted the peaceful life of the widow and '
              "his sons' family. Naturally, the investigation of the intruder "
              'leads to a third layer, going beyond now, unveiling another '
              'disturbing story 40 years ago during the Cultural Revolution. '
              "Till now, all three layers' of stories, one paving way for the "
              'other, lead to the revealing moment of the intruder. It is a '
              'striking ending, as well as heavy and long-lasting.The movie '
              'attempts to not only present a multifaceted portrait of the '
              'reality of Chinese society but also probe into its historical '
              'roots. Hence it is a rare treasure among its peers.',
 'tt3896016': 'Three twenty-something friends live on a remote island in the '
              'easternmost part of China. When one of them, a school teacher, '
              'is transferred by his employers to the westernmost part of the '
              'country, his friends decide to accompany him on the journey. '
              'They all have their own motives to leave home and during the '
              'trip they will get to know their country and the people that '
              'inhabit it, as well as each other and themselves. Director Han '
              "Han is one of China's most famous writers, so with only one "
              "other IMDb user review thus far, I'm surprised to see this film "
              "doesn't have received much more attention. A shame, really, for "
              "it's an entertaining road movie, with some quirky characters "
              'and fun story developments. Of course, I may have missed a '
              'layer or two. Chinese moviegoers may very well view it as a '
              "satire of Chinese society. I don't know enough about this "
              'fascinating country to be sure about that.The pacing is calm, '
              'perhaps a bit boring to some, but the Chinese cityscapes and '
              'countryside make for breathtaking visuals at times.Not a great '
              'movie, but worth a watch.',
 'tt3897080': 'I was looking around on Netflix for random movies to watch to '
              'keep the kid I was babysitting occupied and found this movie. '
              'It was PAINFUL to watch it all the way through. It talks down '
              "to its audience MORE than any other children's move I have EVER "
              'SEEN. The voices of the charters are annoying and the dialogue '
              'is horribly unintelligent. Oh my gosh this movie is like '
              "dangling keys in front of a child's face. If you are thinking "
              "about watching this with your kids Don't there are plenty of "
              "other better children's movies that won't burn your ears out. "
              "Just go watch a good children's movie like inside out or toy "
              'story. Heck I enjoyed third generation my little pony more than '
              'this move.',
 'tt3906444': "Anyone who's been in a relationship will tell you that "
              'sincerity is one of the most important ingredients, and so it '
              'is with the best romances that we read on the page or watch on '
              "the screen – which is the reason why 'But Always' isn't a true "
              'romance. It operates under a veneer of sincerity, leading you '
              'into thinking that it is some portrait of undying love, when in '
              'fact it is quite the opposite, leaving you feeling used, '
              'cheated, and ultimately frustrated.A tale of two childhood '
              'sweethearts that spans Beijing and New York, it plots the ups '
              'and downs of Zhao Yongyuan (his last name meant to rhyme with '
              "'forever' in Chinese) and An Ran's love for each other against "
              'the vicissitudes of life. The tale begins in 1976 against the '
              'backdrop of the Tangshan earthquake, where An Ran loses her '
              'mother to the tragedy and is subsequently raised by her father. '
              'On the other hand, Zhao loses both his parents, and is tended '
              'by his grandmother who struggles to make ends meet in order to '
              "provide for her grandchild. Because of his family's poverty, "
              'Yongyuan is often the scruffiest kid in school, who is also '
              'therefore ostracised by his classmates.But An Ran strikes up an '
              'unlikely friendship with Yongyuan after an unexpected act of '
              'kindness on her part, so much so that they end up taking the '
              'same bus to school every day and hanging out together after as '
              "well. The sudden death of Yongyuan's grandmother is the first "
              'turning point of their relationship, when his uncle (Lam Suet) '
              'takes him away without giving him the opportunity to say '
              'goodbye to An Ran. As far as such childhood romances go, it is '
              'as sweet and innocent as it gets, though the brevity of it '
              "doesn't quite explain why the pair will be as emotionally "
              'tied.The next act unfolds 18 years later when Yongyuan follows '
              "his uncle back to Beijing to help out in the latter's street "
              'stall, the former now played by Nicholas Tse. It is one '
              'propitious day that he chances upon An Ran, who is now a '
              'medical student looking forward to a university education in '
              'America. Although neither Gao Yuanyuan (who plays An Ran) or '
              'Tse look anything like their younger selves, they immediately '
              'recognise each other, and realise that each is still very much '
              'fond of the other. For sheer narrative necessity, Yongyuan runs '
              'afoul of the law while trying to protect An Ran from a spot of '
              'trouble, and the next turning point comes when the former is '
              'sent to jail while the latter goes forth to pursue her dream of '
              'a brighter future in New York.Fast forward a couple of years '
              'more and we catch up with both of them in the Big Apple; but '
              'whereas An Ran is now working as a tour guide, Yongyuan is a '
              'successful businessman on Wall Street whose masterful grasp of '
              'English proves that you can do a lot with your time in prison. '
              'Though the hand of fate has turned, Yongyuan is still very much '
              'in love with An Ran, and despite knowing that she is already '
              'attached to a painter (Qin Hao), wants to let her know that his '
              'feelings for her have never diminished through the years. On '
              'the other hand, An Ran is less sure, and only sparks to '
              "Yongyuan's advances after being convinced of his sincerity - "
              "alas, a happily ever after isn't on the minds of co- writer and "
              "director Snow Zou.In a most clichéd turn of events, An Ran's "
              'on- and off-boyfriend is left paralysed from the waist down '
              'after a car accident, and because he had just visited her prior '
              'to it, she feels responsible for his condition and chooses to '
              'stay by his side to take care of him. But just as you think Zou '
              'might be ending things on a bittersweet note, he goes on to '
              'deliver yet another stunner straight out of a certain Robert '
              "Pattinson movie called 'Remember Me'. Yes, it's no coincidence "
              'that our couple find themselves in New York in the year 2001, '
              'but instead of being poignant, that supposed twist is so '
              'shamelessly manipulative that it may leave you infuriated.It '
              'comes off even worse when you consider the coda at the end, '
              'which sees An Ran returning to Beijing in 2014 on board a bus '
              'which announces how many Chinese like her are doing likewise to '
              'take advantage of the opportunities in their own hinterland. '
              "Admittedly, Peter Chan's most recent 'American Dreams in China' "
              'also had the same message, but the positioning here reeks of '
              "sheer insensitivity, so much so that you won't be thinking of "
              'the romance by the time the movie is over.On their part, Tse '
              'and Gao try to muster as much chemistry they have with each '
              'other against weak plotting and one-note characterisation, but '
              'ultimately neither their characters nor their relationship '
              "resonates as much as it should. There aren't any strong "
              'supporting characters to speak of, which is why it is fortunate '
              'that the cinematography is excellent, so even though the story '
              "or the characters aren't particularly engaging, the shots are "
              'always pretty to look at.But of course, it takes more than a '
              'collection of beautiful shots to make a compelling movie, and '
              "'But Always' falls way short of that by wringing what goodwill "
              'it manages to muster on a conclusion that is clearly intended '
              'as political subtext. Right from the point An Ran leaves for '
              'America to the point she returns to Beijing, the film tries to '
              'be a cautionary tale for those still under the "illusion" that '
              'the West holds greener pastures, even going to the extent of '
              'exploiting one of the most tragic events in recent memory to '
              'underscore that point. Like we said, it is a film without '
              'sincerity, and some may say, also without integrity.',
 'tt3919278': "At this point in the trilogy, 'The Four III' will only make "
              'sense to those who have seen the first two chapters. Based on '
              "Chinese Malaysian author Woon Swee Oan's bestselling novel "
              "series 'The Four Great Constables', the series was meant to be "
              'a game-changer in the Chinese movie industry with its '
              'genre-bending mix of action, drama, romance and fantasy. Yes, '
              "the eponymous four under the charge of Anthony Wong's Zhuge "
              'Zhengwo formed the Divine Constabulary, so named because each '
              'one of them is blessed with superhuman powers. For the benefit '
              'of the uninitiated, there is Cold Blood aka Leng Lingqi (Deng '
              'Chao), a former spy from a rival crime-fighting department '
              'known as Department Six previously sent to infiltrate the '
              'Constabulary and learn their secrets who has the gift (or '
              'curse) of transforming into a beast when provoked. He is in '
              'love with Emotionless (Crystal Liu Yifei), a psychic in a '
              'wheelchair who immediately recalls Professor X. Looking after '
              'Emotionless like an older brother is Iron Hands (Collin Chou), '
              'whose power is apparent from his name. And last but not least, '
              'there is Life Stealer (Ronald Cheng), better known for being a '
              'fast talker and a wine lover than for any particular standout '
              "ability.There is a whole lot of backstory in 'The Four II' "
              'which proves critical to understanding the narrative '
              'developments here. Emotionless has learnt the truth behind her '
              "family's assassination as a child, which precipitates her "
              'disillusionment with Zhuge Zhengwo and Iron Hands, as well as '
              'to a certain extent Cold Blood. On the other hand, Cold Blood '
              'is caught in a love triangle with newly installed Department '
              'Six head Ji Yaohua (Jiang Yiyan), who is doing the bidding for '
              'a certain powerful Lord An (Yu Chenghui). Lord An wants revenge '
              'for his son An Shigeng (Yu Chenghui), the baddie from the first '
              'movie who is now grafted onto a tree for life. Oh, there is '
              "also a shapeshifter named Ruyan (Ada Yan) also doing Lord An's "
              'deeds, who sets in motion the chain of events in this third '
              "movie.If all that read like a head-scratcher, you're not alone. "
              'Even those who have seen the second movie will probably need a '
              'refresher to call to mind all the convolutions that made up the '
              'scatter-haired plot, and which director Gordon Chan offers no '
              'abbreviation at the start of this final instalment. Instead, he '
              'and co-director Janet Chun plunge right into things, beginning '
              "with Ruyan's escape from prison which leads to a failed "
              'assassination of the Emperor (Alec Su) when he decides one day '
              'to come down from his throne and visit the city unannounced in '
              "order to get a better sense of his countrymen's woes. The "
              'Emperor survives, but is captured by Emotionless before he can '
              'get to the loyal Zhuge Zhengwo, and it should be no secret that '
              'the turn of events afford Emotionless the redemption she needs '
              'from her emotional baggage.As loyalties are tested and traitors '
              'exposed, the relatively swift-paced conclusion builds towards '
              'an epic finale where the Department Six and Divine Constabulary '
              "join forces against the common enemy Lord An. It's a pompous "
              'special effects laden climax all right, where not only does '
              'each character get a chance to show off his or her skill but to '
              'work together as a team to defeat their most formidable enemy '
              "yet. We won't spoil the ending for you, but suffice to say that "
              'some will find the denouement – though logical – somewhat of a '
              'letdown, with Zhuge Zhengwo playing a crucial last-minute role '
              "to Lord An's annihilation.Even though it is the best of the "
              "three, it is unlikely that 'The Four III' will satisfy anyone "
              'who has not caught the earlier two movies. If the middle '
              "section plays like melodrama, that's because Chan has the "
              'unenviable task of bringing closure to the myriad story threads '
              'that were left unresolved in the preceding chapter. And yet '
              'while it does manage to tie all the loose ends nicely, the '
              "intended poignancy of Emotionless' struggle between forgiveness "
              'and revenge as well as the romantic stirrings between her and '
              'Cold Blood will likely be lost on those who are encountering '
              'these characters for the first time.But for those who have '
              "followed them from first to third, Chan's ensemble cast rewards "
              'your loyalty with their best performances yet. Deng finally '
              'settles into a more grounded character here, and he shares good '
              'chemistry with Liu, who in turn acquits herself well in her '
              'most emotive turn yet. Cheng brings some levity to the '
              'proceedings, while Chou is still sadly underutilised. It is '
              'always a joy to see veteran actor Wong on screen, who brings '
              'both dignity and gravitas to his supporting act as Zhuge '
              'Zhengwo – in particular, he shares a nice intimate scene with '
              'Liu and TVB actress Sheren Tang who has an extended cameo as '
              "Emotionless' guardian.So despite the misgivings about 'The "
              "Four', this final instalment still manages to cap the trilogy "
              'at a high. In terms of storytelling, it is easily the most '
              'fluid, and in character development, the least clunky among the '
              'three. Those looking for some grand blockbuster action will '
              "still however be disappointed, as Ku Huen-chiu's choreography "
              'still leaves much to be desired amid the slightly improved CGI. '
              "Yet, it's as good a conclusion as one can ask for, so if it's "
              "closure you seek, then it's closure you'll get; everyone else "
              'need not bother.',
 'tt3920828': 'Camel Caravan is a film flooded with amazing archery stunts '
              'performed in a historical setting. Caravans transporting huge '
              'amounts of goods across China are hindered by both thieves and '
              'hazardous weather. (spoiler alert) Added to this is a new '
              'danger, a group of Chinese government riflemen searching for '
              'camel caravans smuggling for the Russians. These over zealous '
              'riflemen sometimes viciously attack and kill everyone in the '
              'caravan before checking to see if they were actually smuggling. '
              'This sad adventure story is humanized by a romance and by the '
              'relationship between the caravan leader and his loyal '
              'apprentice. I saw the film a month ago and this haunting story '
              'still clings in my mind weeks later. I highly recommend Camel '
              'Caravan for the adventure story, great photography, and '
              'wonderful stunt work.',
 'tt3950078': "Like John Woo's 'The Crossing', Tsui Hark's 'The Taking of "
              "Tiger Mountain' is set during the Civil War in the late 1940s; "
              "but instead of depicting the struggle between the People's "
              'Liberation Army and the Nationalists, Tsui and his four other '
              'screenwriters pit a certain Unit 203 of the PLA against a band '
              'of ruthless bandits whose stronghold is located high up in the '
              "snowy Tiger Mountain. Key to the PLA's strategy was a certain "
              "Yang Zirong, who infiltrated the bandits' stronghold and "
              'provided vital information which enabled his unit to triumph '
              'guerrilla-style against their more numerous and more '
              'well-equipped enemies.No matter that he has been made to look '
              "like Hugh Jackman's Wolverine, Zhang Hanyu commands every "
              'single moment he is on screen as Zirong with a compelling '
              'performance of nuance and gravitas. While Lin Gengxin plays the '
              'righteous leader of Unit 203 Shao Jianbo with conviction and '
              "Tony Leung Kar-Fai is suitably hammy as the bandits' leader "
              'Lord Hawk, it is Zhang who truly owns the entire film, and it '
              'is no coincidence that his character is the most fully formed '
              'one of a movie which sometimes struggles to find the right '
              'balance of tone between fiction and history.That is perhaps '
              'inevitable given the slightly uneasy fit between material and '
              "filmmaker. Much as Tsui Hark is no stranger to epics, he isn't "
              'exactly the sort of filmmaker who tells a straightforward '
              "historical tale – even his arguably most popular 'Once Upon A "
              "Time in China' trilogy about the legendary folk hero Wong Fei "
              'Hung was embellished with his penchant for the theatrical. And '
              'so it is with his latest, which depicts the heroism of the 203 '
              'Unit with the sort of self-serious posture which historical '
              'accounts typically adopt but the loutishness of the bandits '
              'with the sort of eccentricity that made his fantasy epics such '
              "as 'The Legend of Zu' and the more recent 'Detective Dee' "
              'enjoyable flights of fancy.Amidst the tonal shifts, Zhang more '
              "than holds his own as Tsui's protagonist, an enigmatic stranger "
              'who joins the 203 with the medical officer Bai Ru (Tong Liya) '
              'and is at first met with doubt and scepticism by Jianbo. It is '
              'Zirong who comes up with the plan for him to go undercover by '
              'bringing to Lord Hawk a much coveted map with the locations of '
              'treasure left by the fleeing Japanese at the end of the '
              'Sino-Japanese war, and also to his quick-witted credit that he '
              'manages to win the trust of Lord Hawk to be sworn in as one of '
              'the league of brothers.It is a shaky one though – not only is '
              'he tested from within by his Second Brother (Yu Xing) who '
              "stages a mock invasion by the PLA and Lord Hawk's woman "
              'Qinglian (Yu Nan) who is under orders to try to seduce him, '
              "Zirong's identity is also threatened when a spy planted by the "
              'bandits within the villagers escapes after a failed attack by '
              'the former on the PLA soldiers protecting the latter. Such '
              'moments of genuine tension are perfectly positioned to keep the '
              'narrative taut, which largely unfolds as a buildup to the '
              "storming of the bandits' fortress on the eve of New Year's Eve "
              "on the occasion of Lord Hawk's birthday.Quite unlike the "
              'typical Tsui Hark movie therefore, this one has clearly fewer '
              'setpieces; indeed, we count just three – the first encounter '
              'between the PLA 203 Unit and the bandits at an abandoned '
              'warehouse; the failed attack led by Fifth and Sixth Brother on '
              'the village protected by the same unit; and finally the '
              "incursion of Lord Hawk's bastion to annihilate his reign of "
              'tyranny once and for all. Nonetheless, apart from some gimmicky '
              'slo-mo shots meant to justify the price of 3D for those who '
              'paid to see it with the additional dimension, these setpieces '
              'unfold with the scale and spectacle that one would expect from '
              'Tsui, the latter two in particular pop with thrill and '
              'imagination using a combination of old-school stunt staging and '
              'some nifty modern day CG effects.Not quite so successful is '
              "Tsui's attempt to capture the poignancy of the historical event "
              '– besides Zirong, the rest of the PLA heroes are portrayed with '
              'as much dimension as a propaganda film commissioned by the '
              'Chinese government itself, especially when their enemies are '
              'cast as their complete opposites. A sub-plot based upon the '
              'reunion of mother and son – the latter a young boy named Knotti '
              'the 203 Unit rescues and the former who turns out to be '
              'Qinglian – is too manipulative to be persuasive, even more so '
              'when it is used to bookend the narrative with a prologue and a '
              "coda set in 2015.Notwithstanding Tsui's autobiographical "
              'intent, the nexus that Tsui draws with present day is stretched '
              'most tenuously with an utterly unnecessary alternate ending '
              'that sees the Wolverine-lookalike Zirong turn into the very '
              'superhero by trying to rescue Qinglian from a twin-propeller '
              'plane that Lord Hawk is trying to take off in from a private '
              'airstrip in the mountain. As far as analogies go, this is a '
              "perfect example of the Chinese saying 'draw snake add feet' – "
              'so much so that its inclusion almost takes way what legitimacy '
              'Tsui had tried to build into the story in the first place.As '
              "probably his first historical epic, 'The Taking of Tiger "
              "Mountain' sees Tsui Hark struggle to find the right balance "
              "between reality and myth. Tsui's best films have been those "
              'which have allowed him to express his own inner eccentricities, '
              'but which prove out of place in a straightforward recount like '
              'this. The narrative flaws are all too obvious at the start and '
              'at the end, but thankfully, as far as the titular tale is '
              'concerned, Tsui has fashioned a gripping story of espionage '
              'that does history justice.',
 'tt3973682': 'In reply to the above review by the above user, here are the '
              'actual facts about the movie. Movie was done in less than 4 '
              'months and no it did not cost 50million rmb but just a little '
              'over 2 million rmb. Agreed the animations leave much to be '
              'desired however do consider that these are done by students and '
              'all of them are really inexperienced. On top of that it will '
              'perhaps be release in English via DVD. The voice over artist '
              'are all working folks who did this in their spare time. If you '
              "ask me despite the movie is not fantastic you've got admire "
              'what these guys manage to do in such a short time and with such '
              'budget compared to those big timers who cost as much as 50 '
              'million USD or more and took years to complete yet some of them '
              'fall flat on their faces. Last I check this movie is doing '
              'alright at the box office. So like I said the above review by '
              'Zhenghou is kindda biased.',
 'tt3976070': 'I could not decide if this was a homage to Hollywood Film Noir '
              'of the forties or a spoof or just a mess.For an excellent '
              "review see Sino-Cinema Derek Elley's summary \n"
              'http://sino-cinema.com/2015/12/25/review-the-unbearable-lightness-of-inspector-fanMy '
              'comments are only supplementary. The film was billed as a '
              'comedy action romance suspense. It did not succeed at any of '
              'them. Ruan Jingtian as Inspector Fan Ruyi was not convincing '
              "especially when he was supposed to be smoking. I didn't find "
              'anything comical particularly not the throwing up scenes at the '
              'beginning - one barf would have been enough. The violence was '
              'gruesome and gratutious.The sets and costumes were well done '
              "but the main character's lack of convincing performance "
              'hindered being drawn into the mish mash story. A cast of '
              'unusual warriors: Thunderbolt, Angry Panda, Obese Tiger, Evil '
              'Monk and Smiling Ghost did help to break up the monotomy.',
 'tt4019426': 'I watch a lot of Wuxia movies and Japanese '
              'war/Sengoku/Restoration ones. This includes shorts, fully '
              'fledged full motions, and animation.While many fail to provide '
              'a relevant plot line, or have a messy script, "Brotherhood of '
              'Blades" manages to satisfy the *unprofessional* eye.Fighting '
              'sequences Unlike during the classic "Crouching Tiger, Hidden '
              'Dragon", here you get fights and jumps which seem reasonable. '
              'For those of you who are interested in the Asian martial arts, '
              'you will see that they have focused on hits and slashes used in '
              'some of them. The mass fights are somewhat "wait for one to '
              'fall, attack after that" for the enemy, but still satisfying. '
              'Music This is the only area in which the movie ended-up being '
              'like a dud bomb. My personal opinion is that the "epic" musical '
              'pieces which accompanied my watching the movie were misplaced. '
              'Most of the times they were too epic for the scene they '
              'represented. However, when there was real need for an epic '
              'piece, it failed to deliver.Romance As we have three main male '
              'characters, we also have three main romantic endeavours. These '
              'micro-stories focus on two entirely different women and a '
              'career. (Yes, I just called the career something of a romantic '
              'companion). Both love stories seemed classic for the age in '
              'which the movie is set, and the overall attitude of the female '
              'characters was pleasurable to watch.Overall Plot Lines In '
              'reality, the movie pays little to no attention to the very '
              'Manchurian vs Han war, although it is key in a specific scene. '
              'The whole story is mainly focused on the three assassins, as '
              'hinted to by the title. Instead, we focus on a certain piece of '
              'the shared story of three imperial assassins. They encounter '
              'corruption, theft, treason, conspiracy, death of a close one, '
              'and more. Now, about the Western feel - I do believe this movie '
              'is not a typical Wuxia representative, as it does use a lot of '
              'exceptionally pretty effects to enforce the colours, some '
              'battle scenes and blood splatter. However, it does not by any '
              'means seem to me to be too un-Chinese (if there is such a '
              'thing). Disclaimer: This is my first full IMDb review. Bear '
              'with me and my non-professional take on things :)',
 'tt4027270': "If 'The Crossing 1' was all build-up and no pay-off, we're sad "
              "to say that 'The Crossing 2' is no build-up and hardly any "
              'pay-off. Meant as a single film but cut into two separate parts '
              'for no apparent reason than to maximise box-office revenue, '
              "John Woo's passion project based on the sinking of the steamer "
              'Taiping is no more than an old-school sweeping war-time romance '
              'disguised as disaster spectacle that positioned it as the '
              "'Chinese Titanic'. Though shots of the Taiping bookended the "
              'first film, the vessel had not even left its berth in Shanghai '
              'for the fateful voyage at the end of two hours – and this '
              'concluding second part takes yet another hour to try just as '
              'futilely in justifying why we should care about any of its '
              'characters before casting them out to sea.Woo, who co-wrote the '
              'screenplay with Su Chao-pin and Chen Ching-hui based upon an '
              "original script by 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' and 'Lust, "
              "Caution's' Wang Huiling, builds his narrative fibre on the "
              'intertwining fates of various characters, including the '
              'fiercely loyal Nationalist commander Lei Yifang (Huang '
              'Xiaoming) and his wife Yunfen (Song Hye-kyo), the Taiwanese '
              'doctor Yan Zekun (Takeshi Kaneshiro) who takes the place of his '
              'younger brother to serve in the Sino-Japanese War, and a '
              'volunteer nurse named Yuzhen (Zhang Ziyi) searching for her '
              'lover amidst the dead and wounded brought in from the '
              'frontlines. Given the tepid reception to the first movie, there '
              'is no reason to expect that audiences would be well acquainted '
              'with these characters, so a good hour is spent as much picking '
              'up from where its predecessor left off as re-treading old '
              'ground through flashbacks and what not.Of the lot, only Zekun '
              'emerges as a more fully-fleshed character following the '
              'requisite exposition here, which balances the maudlin scenes of '
              'his Japanese lover Masako (Masami Nagasawa) with that between '
              'him and his brother Zeming (Tong Yang) caught in the throes of '
              'a Communist revolt. Turns out it was to plead with Zeming to '
              'return home to their grief-stricken mother that is why Zekun '
              'made the trip to Shanghai and back, the latter being the reason '
              'why he ended up on the Taiping on that ill-fated evening. '
              'Yuzhen is on that same voyage in the hopes of finding her lover '
              'in Taiwan where many Nationalists have fled in the face of the '
              'Communist uprising, and meets on the ship her sham husband Tong '
              'Daqing (Tong Dawei) whom she was engaged in a marriage of '
              "convenience. And if you must know, Yunfen isn't on the boat; "
              'instead, she remains throughout the film in her countryside '
              "house in Taiwan, awaiting more definitive news of General Lei's "
              'circumstances even as an official dispatch informs her of his '
              'death upon the decisive Huaihai battle in the winter of '
              '1948.Because not all the main characters are accorded equal '
              "treatment, Woo struggles to balance the principal actors' "
              'screen time in order not to inadvertently neglect any one over '
              'another. Ziyi for instance appears as much as Takeshi does in '
              'the first hour, but her scenes seem padded and do not amount to '
              'anything substantial. Ditto for Hye-kyo, whose misfortune of '
              'getting bitten by a snake and subsequent treatment by Zekun is '
              'rehashed in full to give her character equivalent attention. '
              'Woo has said that part two is cut to exist as a standalone '
              "movie, but there is too little meat to both Ziyi and Hye-kyo's "
              'characters here alone – and ironically too much of déjà vu for '
              'those who have seen the earlier movie. Indeed, it feels almost '
              'too long before Woo finally packs Zekun and Yuzhen on the '
              "Taiping's final sail from Shanghai to Keelung – but even more "
              'disappointing is how quickly the steamer meets its watery end. '
              'Hints are dropped about the overloading of the ship, but these '
              'amount to little as soon as it leaves the Shanghai harbour. '
              'Equally, the class divide among those on board is hinted at but '
              'never given any teeth, not even when the ship capsizes. And on '
              'that note, there is one shot of the Taiping slamming into the '
              'freight ship Chian Yuan that is impressive even by Hollywood '
              'standards, and another of the Taiping toppling over after '
              'taking in water from the hull, but on the whole, the '
              'choreography lacks scale and continuity to fully convey the '
              'gravity of the disaster.That is perhaps the greatest '
              'disappointment, not least because Woo is supposedly at the helm '
              'and the director is no stranger to bold action set-pieces as '
              "evinced from the hugely superior 'Red Cliff' duology. Whether "
              'out of budgetary constraints or otherwise, the sequences lack '
              'the usual John Woo grandeur, and instead are largely '
              'concentrated on the bow where Zekun and Yuzhen (conveniently) '
              'find themselves when tragedy strikes. Too much time is also '
              'spent watching the passengers flounder and flail in the open '
              'water after the ship tips over, which is probably a befitting '
              "metaphor for how Woo's film itself struggles to stay afloat.And "
              'so what sounded promisingly as the next John Woo epic has sadly '
              'turned into his albatross, as the auteur fails to make good on '
              'what goodwill was left from part one to rescue his own '
              "waterlogged project. It isn't a failure by titanic proportions, "
              "but 'The Crossing' is without a doubt a huge let-down. Those "
              'looking for spectacle will most certainly be upset that the '
              'pivotal event is but an overdue and short-lived climax, whereas '
              'those looking for emotional pathos will find – without the '
              'benefit of part one – too many underwritten characters that pop '
              'up only to augment the melodrama. Were it one movie instead of '
              "two, 'The Crossing' could have been more compelling; as it "
              'stands, this drawn-out second part is yet another long tease '
              'that never offers sufficient payoff.',
 'tt4056808': "There's no need to travel more than 6,000 miles to Datong, "
              'Shanxi to know that the life of a politician is mostly filled '
              'with accusations, confrontations, and pure misery. However, the '
              'life of Mayor Geng Yanbo is much more stressful than your '
              'average American politician since his plan to relocate 500,000 '
              'citizens in the name of cleaning out his town (the most '
              'polluted city in China due to coal-mining) is met with much '
              'hostility. Director Hao Zhou paints a portrait of an individual '
              'who appears to want to serve his community with the best of '
              "intentions. But moving 30% of the city's population is bound to "
              'spark a resistance, especially when there are already issues '
              'with the newly constructed housing projects. Along with '
              'tracking multiple stray dogs trotting through heaps of garbage, '
              'Zhou provides the opposition an opportunity to share their '
              'stories and one can only wince at the heartbreaking loss many '
              "of these victims are facing. Yanbo may believe you can't make "
              'an omelet without breaking a few eggs, but how many eggs have '
              'to be broken before the omelet is doing more damage than good. '
              "In regards to this case, T.S. Eliot's quote is quite fitting "
              'with, "Most of the evil in this world is done by people with '
              'good intentions." -Jimmy Martin',
 'tt4060544': "Oh, I didn't watch the trailer to be surprised! And I was "
              'really surprised! It was a typical, usual plot, and it made me '
              'cringe in some scenes. The dance steps are not catchy either. '
              'But overall, it was a good film if you have watched it in '
              'DVD/Blu-ray.',
 'tt4074114': "Personally, I thought this was fun and sweet! It's just barely "
              "an R-rated film, I definitely wouldn't call it raunchy, but "
              "there's some cringe-worthy language because the girls work on a "
              'woman/adult talk show.',
 'tt4074958': 'The main reason I went to see this movie was because I was a '
              'fan of Wu Yifan, who was the male main lead in this movie. As '
              'he has landed his first acting role in this movie, I did not '
              "expect as much when it came to his skills. Yifan's role in this "
              'needed more... expression. I hope he can improve his skills as '
              'more easily-given opportunities come to him (considering he is '
              'a celebrity), and is used well. The chemistry between the main '
              "couple was a bit dull. Both actor/actress's role did not give "
              'me the strong impression that they were in madly love with each '
              'other. The story of the side couple, however, was more '
              'interesting. (It actually made me cry)I enjoyed how there were '
              'English subtitles, as there were many non- Chinese audience who '
              'went to watch. Overall, the movie was...I guess you could '
              'say...average, and still had a lot of areas to improve, but was '
              'a enjoyment to watch in the end.',
 'tt4076856': 'This documentary follows a 71 year old American, Bill Porter, '
              'to a mountainous area of China. 25 years ago he visited and '
              'wrote a book about the solitary monks who live here in the '
              'mountains, some in caves. Now he returns to see how the hermits '
              'are doing. Some whom he met have died but he finds the area '
              'still populated by male and female monks who spend their days '
              'in meditation, chanting, and exercise. The camera follows him '
              'as he laboriously moves from site to site and talks with '
              'different hermits about how they spend their days. The movie is '
              'slow and deliberate. Nothing is sudden or sharp. We see the '
              'author climb up narrow paths to knock on different doors and '
              'ask, "Are you here, Master?"Everywhere you look you see the '
              'mountains, lush vegetation punctuated by craggy rocks, and at '
              "the monks' residences, evidence of their Spartan existence. As "
              'the movie progresses we see that, not only does the American '
              'know the language, he also has extensively studied and '
              'translated Buddhist teachings into English and can carry on '
              'conversations with the monks about their own thinking. Some '
              'have read his book and that provides him credibility as someone '
              'whom they can trust.Production wise the photography, editing, '
              'and soundtrack are beautiful. The mountains are gorgeous and '
              'the sounds of insects and birds permeate every scene. Common '
              'everyday objects and activities are presented in carefully '
              'framed and lit views. But the pacing is slow and deliberate. '
              'That will be part of the appeal to the viewer who is curious '
              'about these people and why they live as they do; others might '
              'be bored. The conversations are not terribly deep but we do '
              'occasionally see glimmers of insight into why the hermits cut '
              'themselves off from "civilization" like this.NOTE: This is my '
              'personal review of one of the films shown at the 2015 '
              "Alexandria Film Festival (http://alexandriafilm.org/); I'm one "
              'of the Festival judges.',
 'tt4076934': 'Let me start this review with a translated quote used in the '
              'film: The old man is like Kung Fu Panda I have no clue if they '
              'truly said that originally. Despite, this quote does sum up the '
              "abilities of Sammo Hung's character Ding. Ding is a retired "
              'Central Security Bureau officer from Beijing who is in the '
              'early stages of dementia. He is a man full of regret and '
              'remorse but chooses to seclude himself rather than confront the '
              'issues that are plaguing him. One big strain on him is the fact '
              'that his granddaughter got missing while he was watching over '
              'her. But then at one point in time Cherry Li , a little girl '
              'from next door sneaks into his apartment to hide there after '
              'fighting with her father. Which is the start of an unique '
              'friendship.One thing you will have to understand that this '
              "Sammo Hung vehicle isn't the typical martial arts film he used "
              'to make. Sammo has gotten old and apparently he wanted to '
              'address this. So most of the focus is on Ding being an old man. '
              'He receives some backup from old friends to make this '
              'statement. People like Yuen Baio, Dean Shek, Yuen Wah, and Tsui '
              'Hark to name but a few. These are nothing but glorified '
              "cameo's. But since I had not read anything about the film in "
              'advance I was pleasantly surprised to see them. For me it '
              "wasn't a disappointment like some reviewers have stated. More "
              'so because they had been given the impression to come into '
              'action as well. Now that would have been something I must admit '
              'so I do understand the criticism. Although it did not hurt what '
              "they were going for in the film. At it's core this film is "
              'about Ding coming to terms with old age, dementia and guilt. '
              'The action is just in service of this.This explains the fact '
              'that there is not that much action. And while I also was '
              'expecting more I understand that somehow this would not be '
              'fitting regarding the theme. Or even would destroy the message '
              "that Sammo Hung wants to make clear to the audience. But don't "
              'despair the little action that is present is more than '
              'satisfying. Especially in the finale where Sammo goes Steven '
              'Seagal on the bad guys. Mainly using his arms and where he is '
              'using his opponents power against them. It makes sense to me '
              'that on old man would be limited in his move set so that was a '
              'nice touch.Andy Lau also is involved in this film as an actor '
              'and producer. He plays the low life father of Cherry and '
              'basically is the reason why trouble starts in the first place. '
              'His role while significant is small and just right as he '
              'manages to evoke enough emotions. Another thing you have to '
              "understand is that this film doesn't go that deep into issues "
              'like dementia or bad parenting. Instead it tries to appeal to '
              'your emotions about these issues. And this is something that '
              'Sammo Hung does real well.So for me this film was well worth '
              'the watch and while I was expecting a more action packed '
              'adventure I got something just as good in return. We all become '
              "old one day and then we can't do the things we used to do. You "
              'have to be prepared for that.',
 'tt4078856': 'The script is very solid, and it is one of the few conscience '
              'works in China. Not complicated events, through three lines, '
              'show the different performance of different people. The plots '
              'of each line are full, and there is a clear time point between '
              'them. The performances were simple, but the defect was that the '
              'score was too stingy. Personally, I think we have found a good '
              'balance between literature, art and commerce, which is neither '
              'noisy nor dull. Unfortunately, it is obvious that the publicity '
              'budget can not keep up with the box office can not reflect the '
              'quality.',
 'tt4079152': 'Before I stepped into the cinema, I was worried that this film '
              'may be a waste of money and time. But after I watched it, to my '
              'relief, I found out it is actually pretty good. It may sound '
              "strange to you, but as a Chinese, I don't often go to theaters "
              'to watch Chinese domestic films, because after years of '
              'disappointment from the domestic film industry, it is hard for '
              'me to have any confidence in buying another of their tickets. '
              'Most of the time it is American popcorn movies I am looking for '
              'in the cinema. So when I come to the realization that "The Dead '
              'End" is a good film, there is a little excitement in my '
              'heart.My favorite character is Guchun Yi, the policeman played '
              'by Yihong Duan. Duan gave his best performance to portray us an '
              'experienced Chinese policeman .Yi is a complicated character. '
              'On one hand, he is the typical kind of policeman who serves '
              'justice with on reservation. Even when Xin becomes his best '
              'friend, he still arrested him once he is informed of his '
              'criminal identity. On the other hand, before he comes to his '
              'final decision to arrest Xin, he went through difficult '
              "emotional struggle. Even when he is aware of Xin's identity, he "
              'still tries to help him within limit of law.Though "The Dead '
              'End" enjoys considerable merits, frankly speaking, it is still '
              'a long way from being a classic crime/mystery film. Due to '
              "China's strict censoring policy, it is hard for Chinese Film "
              'industry to produce a lot of movies of high quality every year. '
              'I wish Chinese censoring administration to loosen restrictions '
              'on film industry to make room for more quality movies.',
 'tt4079902': 'Director Nanfu Wang took risks to film the human rights abuse '
              'in China, smuggled the footage out, and produced this '
              'documentary. Ye Haiyan, the protagonist of this film, is an '
              'ordinary yet unordinary Chinese woman. She came from the rural '
              'area, but refused to go on a usual road. She knew that a lot of '
              'women who share similar background with her choose to be sex '
              'workers out of poverty and despair. For a long time, her '
              "activism was centered on sex workers' rights. But in the early "
              'summer of 2013, there was a case about a principle raping '
              'several underage girls. Ye was furious, and she decided to do '
              'something to prevent things like this from happening again in '
              'China. However, the road was full of unpleasant surprises and '
              "dangers.Due to China's increasing economic clout, we are losing "
              'sight of what terrible things are happening in China. This '
              'documentary is a must-see, and this will be the first step of '
              'change.',
 'tt4155534': 'If you\'re a parent checking reviews for "Family Movie Night", '
              "and you go in to this with moderate expectations, you're family "
              'will be entertained. The animation is on par with Abominable or '
              "Madagascar so rest assured it's not a cheaply made production. "
              'Harmless plot with no agenda. My 9 year old son loved it and I '
              "wasn't glued to my phone out of boredom (my own rating system). "
              "If I reach for the phone in the first 10 minutes I'm in for a "
              "rough 90 mins of kid, cinema, torture. This one's absolutely "
              'good enough for a family movie night. No phone required, so go '
              'for it!',
 'tt4162910': 'Never before have I seen such grace, such beauty, such flawless '
              'execution as Frog Kingdom. It was as if I had achieved Nirvana, '
              'every second of viewing I was mesmerized with the stunning '
              'animation and the fantastic story telling. Princess Froglegs is '
              'a realistic and strong female lead, something which we need to '
              'see more of in modern day film. She is a strong, independent '
              "frog who doesn't need any man. Honestly, I can't understand how "
              'there could possibly be a single negative opinion on this '
              'MASTERPIECE. My only grudge is that there were not enough lines '
              'from Devo, who is clearly the best character. The voice acting '
              'was brilliant, everybody felt so real and you could hear the '
              'emotion in their voice. By far the best actor had to be '
              'Serpent. It send chills down my spine, my heart racing as he '
              'spoke of his cunning plans to wreak havoc on Frogville. Truly a '
              'perfect film for all the family too enjoy, with fantastic role '
              'models and an enthralling storyline. Perfect 10.',
 'tt4170472': 'I watched mountain cry last night and i was absolutely amazed. '
              "The movies still won't get out of my head. The first thing i "
              'noticed was the beautiful cinematography and how consistent the '
              'visuals were throughout the film. Every shot was beautiful too '
              'look at with an excellent soundtrack to go with it. The acting '
              'is superb. The two leads do a wonderful job and their romance '
              'is very believable and heartwarming. The female actress '
              "(yueting lang) in particular is excellent though she doesn't "
              'speak a word throughout the film. It is also developed very '
              "well. I love this movie, in fact i think it's a masterpiece. I "
              'was shocked to see that it only had 206 votes on IMDb. This '
              'film should be watched by more people. It is a gem! Highly '
              'recommended. I urge you to watch it!',
 'tt4171876': '"Sweet Sixteen" (aka "Xia You Qiao Mu") is a movie that I '
              "hadn't heard about, but happened to come across by random luck "
              'and got the chance to sit down and watch it.First of all, I '
              'don\'t understand the English title "Sweet Sixteen", because it '
              'makes absolutely no sense in terms of what this movie is about. '
              'And because of the title, I though this was going to be a '
              'romance or a romantic comedy. But it turned out to be quite '
              'something else; this was a drama.It is a story that follows a '
              'troubled boy named Xia Mu (played by Kris Wu) whom is taken '
              'into foster care, where he grows up falling in love with his '
              'foster sister Shu Ya Wang (played by Shan Lu). But when '
              'something terrible happens to her, Xia Mu steps up and takes '
              'revenge, seeking to right the wrong.Right, well the story was '
              'good, up to a certain point. I will not give away any spoilers '
              'at all here. So I will just say that I found the movie to be '
              'rather enjoyable up to the point where that terrible event '
              'happens to Shu Ya Wang. From thereon the movie just nosedived '
              'and became a farce.The movie does have some good acting '
              'performances in it. And I especially enjoyed Shu Ya Wang, '
              'because she carried the movie quite nicely."Xia You Qiao Mu" '
              'had potential to be a memorable movie, but the turn of events '
              "to the story at the hands of director Jin-gyu Cho just didn't "
              'sit well with me at all. And because of that, then I am forced '
              'to rate this movie a less than mediocre four out of ten stars. '
              'This was not the brightest moment in Chinese cinema.',
 'tt4209788': 'A fast, excellently written and well-cast film. Jessica '
              'Chastain plays outstandingly well as both a fragile beginner, a '
              'brilliant winner as well as a strong woman. I would advise '
              'everyone to take a look at this strip.',
 'tt4217392': "Honestly, I don't understand the bad reviews. Chan is older, "
              "but he still has the moves. The film producers didn't have "
              'American millennials in mind when they developed the script. '
              'Their target audience was China and India and I am sure the '
              'people there loved it. The film, even with its flaws of melding '
              'Chinese, Indian and English dialog, is still fun. The car chase '
              'in Dubai was incredible and Chan discovering a lion in his car '
              'was hilarious. And, in this age of crude and prurient films '
              'coming out of Hollywood, Kung Fu Yoga is a good popcorn film '
              'for the family.',
 'tt4220960': 'Every time you turn on the TV in the west there seems to be a '
              'show about Chinese cooking or the same old tourist locations. '
              'But what about the deeper cultural heart of this ancient '
              'nation? Sky Ghosts tries to remedy the imbalance by '
              'investigating the history of Taoism, how it has influenced '
              'Chinese culture as a whole, and what state the religion is in '
              'today. Benton Cade has lived in China for a number of years (as '
              'he explains), and his language skills and general passion for '
              'the topic allow him to really get to grips with some of the '
              'more mystical elements of Taoism. The interviewees, mostly old '
              'practitioners, seem keen to share their stories and insight. '
              "One major problem is that Cade doesn't press these people to "
              'reveal more about their personal back stories - I really wanted '
              'to hear more about religious persecution during the Cultural '
              'Revolution, for example. So we end up with some potentially '
              'interesting avenues that remain unexplored. I can only guess '
              'certain topics were avoided to keep the authorities on side. '
              'But overall, this is a big step in the right direction when it '
              "comes to revealing China's cultural heritage and how it has "
              'formed the country we see today.',
 'tt4242158': 'Lost in Hong Kong was put together quite well for maximum '
              'enjoyment. I found it funny, action packed, touching and '
              "beautiful all at the same time.I'll be honest, when it comes to "
              "Asian cinema I'm more about Kung Fu flicks than anything else. "
              'I knew this was more of a comedy and I went into it thinking I '
              'might not get it, but after seeing the crime drama, Saving Mr. '
              'Wu, and loving that, this movie was recommended. So I gave it a '
              'try. The story they tell is pretty universal. Xu Lai, is a man '
              'facing a midlife crisis added by the stress of trying to get '
              'his wife pregnant. When an opportunity comes to relive his '
              'youth with his first love, he travels all over Hong Kong in an '
              'attempt to rekindle the relationship, only to find the task '
              'more difficult when his Brother-In-Law tags along in order to '
              'document his life. Plus they both become evolved with a murder '
              'investigation. I love it when movies defy genres and are able '
              'to mix in a lot of things to the story elements without being '
              "too jumbled and this movie does that very creatively. I don't "
              "know if this would be considered China's version of a "
              'blockbuster but it works on that level.The movie has '
              'everything, everyone would need in order to stay in the seats '
              'and keep watching. Most of all, I love how beautiful the '
              'cinematography made Hong Kong look. It adds to the personality '
              "of the whole film.I definitely recommend giving it a look. it's "
              "got action adventure, Romance, and especially comedy. It's a "
              'good one.',
 'tt4242844': 'At first I suspected whether or not this was a serious movie. '
              'It was different and somewhat ludicrous. Maybe it was just for '
              'comedy but no. It is not. It is more than a comedy. It gives '
              'chills at the moments of realization.Acting at the beginning '
              'seemed somewhat ridiculous but later I appreciated it. It is '
              'suitable for the style of the move even though time to time I '
              'saw bad acting too.The movie is quite striking when you realize '
              'it represent something bigger than itself. We see one of the '
              "world's most densely populated cities: Beijing. In Beijing we "
              "focus on 'three dreamers' among millions of other dreamers. "
              'They come close to realize their dreams and at the end they '
              'were promised money and fame. They thought everything was going '
              'to be better. They work hard and they hoped for the better. '
              'Artistic features were not these three dreamers priority over '
              'money from the beginning but even their flexibility on their '
              'artistic values –if there is any- would be tested. Obviously '
              'they were doing all these for money. While the promised money '
              'amount is increased the restraints and requirements also '
              'increased. As a last nail, while the promised money was at its '
              'peak, they were required to revise the script again and to '
              'afford the requirements they were to make ridiculous changes on '
              'the script. At this point even the writer was had revolting '
              'feelings. But still they had no principles when it comes to '
              'money. They accepted to do the revisions even though it was '
              'ridiculous and humiliating. While they were working hard on the '
              'script the protagonist learns he and his actor friend was out '
              'of the project. This reminds us, in the world that we live in '
              'people and their dreams are insignificant. Their hopes and '
              'their hard work are also insignificant. These three dreamers '
              'were ultimately just tools for making or bringing money. But '
              'now two of them were out. They were one of the millions of '
              'people who had dreams. Now they are in this crowd again.The '
              'sceneries chosen –the big scary buildings, the Beijing traffic- '
              'give the idea of crowded city even though our focus on just '
              'three tiny people.While the movie contains this kind of serious '
              'matters it always mock itself by suddenly moving into unlikely '
              'things which brings a smile on your face. One second the '
              'protagonist very romantically confesses to the girl –under the '
              'disguise of reading the script- and then after the actor turns '
              "into a werewolf. That's why I can say that movie successfully "
              'over comes the challenge of containing some serious matters and '
              'also in overall being fun.After the friend of the scriptwriter, '
              'the actor one, finds money for them to freely write and play. '
              'The atmosphere suddenly changes. The whole movie becomes '
              'happier. We see sunny weathers, light colors and a lot of happy '
              'smiles.In this vast city and among this mass people the '
              'protagonist has very few who are dear to him. But at the end no '
              'one is around him. Some are willingly leave the writer some '
              'cannot help the situation and have to leave. Maybe just one dog '
              "still stays with him.In summary, 'Love on the Cloud' is a "
              'unique movie that storms up your feelings. The movie has so '
              'many sweet nuances, watch it and see it for yourself!',
 'tt4255554': 'Adapted from a book of Feng Tang, a contemporary Chinese writer '
              'who has also become an investor in the medical industry, the '
              'film counts a story of a medical student in his university '
              'days. In my humble opinion, Ever Since We Loved is a rather '
              'clumsy translation of the original title, which literally means '
              '"everything is growing".Films touching on campus life have been '
              'one of the major genres in Chinese cinema market. Frankly '
              'speaking, this one does not stand unique among all others. The '
              'author basically used his own experience during school days to '
              'write this work. Still not too far from my own horsing around '
              'days, this film did stir up some old memories.',
 'tt4258716': "Yup, I would love to see Pegasus get married in the end, 'Cuz "
              "This movie sucks!!!I can't say it was as bad as The first "
              '"Pleasant Goat" film, but It\'s still a farting short movie to '
              'watch.Aside from The "Disney Fairies-like" clichés, "Pegasus" '
              'and "Blue Horse Princess" being an unfunny ripoff to "Disney\'s '
              'Hercules", and Slowly sucking his pacifier.This movie uses all '
              'the clichés that most fairy movies have, from the Stereotypical '
              '"Winged Fairies", to the harsh-living conditions in the sky, '
              'and the team come back at the end, just about every character '
              'in this movie is an idiot, The only ones that seem remotely '
              "normal are The Non-winged animals and that's it.And They've "
              'only been on screen for a few minutes.But you Know what the '
              "best thing about this movie is, There's no more Pegasus and "
              "Blue Horse Princess getting separated, Yeah There's no more "
              'Disasters after They got married.I\'m going to review "Pleasant '
              'goat - Movie 7" next, Will It be bad? most likely, But '
              'hopefully not as bad as "Pleasant Goat Movie 1, 3, and 6,". '
              'Because believe "Creative Power Entertaining", One of your '
              'movies are bad, and you should feel bad, "Starfish headache" '
              'for being "the Best creator of the worst Chinese kids movies '
              'ever made". And that concludes "Pleasant Goat- movies 1-3- and '
              '6" trilogy.',
 'tt4263056': 'I was given the chance to sit down here in 2020 to watch '
              '"Mortician". Needless to say that I jumped at the chance, as I '
              "thoroughly enjoy the Asian cinema. Granted, I hadn't even heard "
              'about this movie prior to sitting down to watch it, so I had no '
              'idea what to expect.Well, while the movie definitely was '
              "watchable, I must admit that directors Kong-Hon 'Cub' Chin sort "
              'of came up with something that just fell shortly out of my '
              'spectrum of interest. Yeah, I watched the entire movie, but I '
              'wasn\'t particularly impressed, nor can I say that "Mortician" '
              'proved to be properly entertaining for me.The storyline was '
              'just a bit too strange and far fetched for me to fully grasp '
              'and enjoy it. And that was essentially why the movie fell short '
              "with me.It should be said that the movie's cast were doing good "
              'jobs, and it was quite nice to watch Sui-man Chim show up here, '
              'as he was quite good.All in all, "Mortician" lands a very '
              'mediocre five out of ten stars from me. It was watchable, but '
              "it wasn't a great movie. I doubt that I will ever be returning "
              'to watch it a second time though.',
 'tt4273106': 'Unfortunately no one understood the spirit of how this film was '
              'designed or are people who are eager to fights and deaths that '
              'do not even waited for the unfolding of this beautiful film. '
              'The film is focused on the philosophy of Kung Fu and not for '
              'use as a weapon or flying fights and things like that. The film '
              'also tells a little of the creation of the famous style of Kung '
              "Fu Choy Li Fut called. If you're a fan of Kung Fu movies and a "
              'patient by beautiful stories. Watch this movie and then print '
              'your own impressions.Choy Li Fut is a Chinese martial art '
              'founded in 1836 by Chan Heung Choy Li Fut was named to honor '
              'the Buddhist monk Choy Fook (Cai Fu) who taught him Choy Gar, '
              'and Li Yau-San who taught him Li Gar, plus his uncle Chan '
              'Yuen-Wu, who taught him Fut Gar, and developed to honor the '
              'Buddha and the Shaolin roots of the system. The system combines '
              'the martial arts techniques from various Northern and Southern '
              'Chinese kung-fu systems;[3] the powerful arm and hand '
              'techniques from the Shaolin animal forms[4] from the South, '
              'combined with the extended, circular movements, twisting body, '
              "and agile footwork that characterizes Northern China's martial "
              'arts. It is considered an external style, combining soft and '
              'hard techniques, as well as incorporating a wide range of '
              'weapons as part of its curriculum. Choy Li Fut is an effective '
              'self-defense system, particularly noted for defense against '
              'multiple attackers. It contains a wide variety of techniques, '
              'including long and short range punches, kicks, sweeps and take '
              'downs, pressure point attacks, joint locks, and grappling. '
              'According to Bruce Lee:"Choy Li Fut is the most effective '
              "system that I've seen for fighting more than one person. It is "
              'one of the most difficult styles to attack and defend against. '
              'Choy Li Fut is the only style of kung-fu that traveled to '
              'Thailand to fight the Thai boxers and hadn\'t lost." – Bruce '
              'Lee',
 'tt4276752': '"Mojin: The Lost Legend" (aka "The Ghouls", a title which do '
              'the movie no justice at all) is definitely not a movie that you '
              'should let slip under your radar. I became aware of the movie '
              'because I am a fan of Shu Qi, so of course I had to watch the '
              'movie. And let me just say that this movie can essentially be '
              'summarized as a Chinese "Tomb Raider" movie, of sorts.The story '
              'is about three close-knitted tomb explorers whom is drifting '
              'apart, as they are not adjusting to life in USA, after having '
              'left China behind. And when Wang Kaixuan (played by Huang Bo) '
              'sends an alluring video with proof of an ancient tomb, the '
              'interest of the Hu Bayi (played by Kun Chen) and Shirley '
              '(played by Shu Qi) is stirred. But what secrets will the Mojin '
              'unearth in this ancient tomb? And are the intentions of their '
              'employer really what they say? Whom can you trust when you are '
              'trapped far beneath the surface of the Earth?There is a very '
              'good pace to the movie, and it kicks up into a fast and good '
              "pace early on, and it doesn't really slow down throughout the "
              "course of the movie. And as such, then there weren't really any "
              'slow, dull or boring moments throughout the two hours that the '
              'movie run for.The effects in "Mojin: The Lost Legend" were '
              'goods and that really helped the movie along quite nicely. '
              'Especially because special effects and CGI that prove '
              'convincing, realistic or just dazzling awesome are very '
              'important to movies such as this. And the special effects and '
              'CGI team handled this with flying colors."Mojin: The Lost '
              'Legend" has a good assembly of cast members. The three lead '
              'talents were equally performing well in the movie; that being '
              'Huang Bo, Kun Chen and Shu Qi. But also Xiaoqing Liu (playing '
              'Madam Ying) was standing out here with her performance.If you '
              'enjoy adventure movies with supernatural elements, such as '
              '"Indiana Jones", "Tomb Raider" and the likes, then you should '
              'most definitely give "Mojin: The Lost Legend" a chance. Don\'t '
              'write it off because it is a Mandarin movie, because this movie '
              'is definitely a well-worthy addition to the adventure genre.',
 'tt4284020': 'This is the third time I see a Chinese movie, but I find a very '
              'low ratings here... Why? Idk but what I know is this movie is '
              'very touching, with much of warmfeelings and nostalgia.\n'
              "It's realistic, not romenticising relationships, but views it "
              'from a deep view, it explains promises, especially the ones we '
              "give when we are in the moment of passion.. I've just finished "
              "it so I'm speechless.. must watch",
 'tt4310356': 'Great film but not for simple romance seekers. Firstly congrats '
              'to the filmmakers for being nominated on the Montreal '
              'Filmfestival. The film is an interesting translation of the '
              'forgotten Chinese culture waved in the French romance. The '
              'philosophy of the film director is greatly reflected in the '
              'film with you have to see through in order to enjoy. It is '
              'definitely one of the lesser films that you have to watch '
              'multiple times to unravel all of its greatness. The director '
              'choose an unique editing manner which made the film little '
              'difficult to understand. The story was also complex as it '
              'reflected inner desires and conflicts. As the scenes and the '
              'main actress were stunning, the film was covered in deep '
              'sorrow. But it is clearly not a film suited for every public. '
              "If you don't like art-house films you probably would hate it. "
              'All in all, if you like artistic films that sets your mind to '
              'think and want to enjoy great beauty? WATCH!',
 'tt4310772': 'Though I was incredibly pleased to discover The Man from Macau '
              'had a sequel, I also wondered why neither Mr Tse or Ms Tian, '
              'from the original film, made an appearance - did they '
              'purposefully choose to opt out, or were they never invited '
              'back? Either way, as much as it pains me to say it, perhaps it '
              "was for the best. Don't get me wrong - From Vegas to Macau 2 "
              'has everything an entertaining Chinese blockbuster ought to: an '
              'outstanding cast, plenty of action sequences, moments of '
              'hilarity, emotional sequences, a heroically themed soundtrack, '
              'some impressive stunts, and a cameo by Mr Andy Lau himself. '
              'However, over the course of the feature, even Ken Magic Hands '
              '(Chow Yun-Fat), as amazingly magical as he proves himself to '
              'be, is unable to pull a rabbit out of a hat to save this '
              'particular film.Although several of the action scenarios are '
              "clearly borrowed from other films, and despite Ken's ninja card "
              'throwing trick becoming a little stale, the comedy is sure to '
              'impress. Much like The Man From Macau, the humorous sequences '
              'offer the viewer ridiculous, slapstick scenes, that would '
              'probably never work in any other film but this. The deranged '
              'robot is especially hysterical, though a game of mahjong, and a '
              'wrestling match, additionally offer comical highlights.Moving '
              "on, the film's opening is especially dazzling, and prepares the "
              'viewer for a series of fantastically bright visuals. Ken is '
              'thinking about settling down with his best friend Victor (David '
              'Chiang), when his former protégé, Vincent (Shawn Yue) appears, '
              "requesting Ken's assistance. An agent with Interpol, he "
              "desperately needs Ken's help in order to take down the "
              'remaining forces of DOA, the villainous agency from the former '
              'feature. After several run-ins with vicious assassins, many of '
              'whom are unbelievably beautiful women, Ken, who initially '
              'adamantly refuses, finds he has little choice but to '
              'assist.Mark (Nick Cheung) a DOA accountant, has absconded with '
              '15 billion US dollars, fleeing with his daughter (the adorably '
              'cute Angela Wang), the agency he once proudly served hot on his '
              'trail. Aoi (Jin Qiaoqiao) has taken the reigns of the '
              'organization after it was dealt a severe blow in the previous '
              "feature, Purple (Michelle Hu), Aoi's lead assassin, and DOA "
              'lead enforcer (Wu Yue), being two dangerous foes, who lead an '
              'unrelenting number of highly armed troops.It is seldom '
              'explained how DOA manage to locate the protagonists, every time '
              'they do, a series of explosions taking place. The unrelenting '
              'nature of the fireballs that cloud the screen do become a '
              'little too much, the effects, though entertaining, being '
              'deprived the glamour of a Hollywood budget. Moreover, the '
              'continuous felling of enemy agents seems unrealistic, while the '
              'heroes scrape by with barely a bruise, none of the characters, '
              'who appear on the surface to be expertly trained, ever using '
              'believable tactics. Though the film sometimes is little more '
              'than an explosive marathon, the film does manage to hide a few '
              'surprises up its sleeve, despite its occasionally predictable '
              'story-line.Requiring his testimony to take DOA down, Interpol, '
              'with the help of Ken, try to acquire Mark, who wants nothing to '
              'do with the police, though, for the sake of his daughter, '
              'discovers he has little choice. What follows are a number of '
              'chase sequences, explosive firefights, a gangster casino, and a '
              'wrestling match, most of which has little to do with the story '
              'at hand, and appears to instead be inserted less for quality, '
              'and more for quantity.The primary story-line is however '
              'forgotten the moment Ken is swept away on a love-struck '
              'adventure with his former paramour Molly (Carina Lau), who '
              'appears to make an entrance at the most unexpected of times. '
              'Their rekindled relationship, which required extra padding to '
              'be efficiently portrayed, seems to be inappropriately inserted '
              'into a script unable to cater for it, which unfortunately, '
              'could be said for much of the sub-plots. Occasionally, From '
              'Vegas to Macau 2 appears to be a series of short stories, all '
              'thrown into one film, none of which ever properly connects, the '
              "film's conclusion being as equally vague.The young Ms Wang, "
              "alongside Yuan Quan as Mark's wife, deliver the most "
              'emotionally powerful scene in the film, however, the saddest '
              'part about the movie is the screen time many of the actors are '
              'deprived of. Mr Yue, for a time, is entirely forgotten, with Ms '
              'Lau only ever appearing intermittently, and Kimmy Tong, as '
              "Ken's daughter Rainbow (one of the few cast members from the "
              'previous film), appearing no more than twice, Mr Yun-Fat and Mr '
              'Cheung stealing the show.When I reviewed The Man From Macau, I '
              "referred to it as 'good, but not great'. From Vegas to Macau 2 "
              'is perhaps a step down from that - though occasionally good, '
              'for the most part, it is simply alright. When director Jing '
              'Wong next creates his sequel in this franchise, perhaps he '
              'could focus on creating one story, rather than one hundred.',
 'tt4311466': 'Inconsistencies all throughout film.\n'
              'One minute its the sunny broad of daylight, the next its '
              'pouring rain and the sky is completely grey. Women somehow just '
              'wake up in bed with their makeup fully on. Men can somehow '
              "scale apartment buildings in mere seconds. And, you can't have "
              'a bad movie without a little bit of dramatic suspension into '
              'the air after getting hit by a car.\n'
              "Predictable sequences that we've all seen a million times in a "
              'million different movies, nothing special about this one.\n'
              'Carelessness in attention to detail, laziness in writing, '
              'overly exaggerated for dramatic effects. Cheesy. Not to '
              'mention, bad acting.What would redeem this movie is Liu Yi '
              "Fei's beauty, the romance is nicely developed; there isn't "
              'excessive kissing, and plentiful time to develop their '
              'chemistry, which is appreciated. There are cute scenes that '
              'make you say "Aww", but the rest is all skippable.Watch this '
              'movie if you are into Cheesy Romance movies with poorly written '
              'scripts.',
 'tt4344878': 'of course, there are still some not-so-good ingredients in this '
              'film, some over-the-top exaggerations, but all in all, this a '
              'very good film that really needs you to sit down and appreciate '
              'it with an open and peaceful mind. what i like to point out at '
              'the outset is the screenplay is nicely crafted, the cast, '
              'almost all of them, simply top notched. one actor, i mean, one '
              'actress, is especially superior. she played the younger '
              'grandmother and played it so well and so naturally lovable. the '
              'young actress is actually the soul of this film, making it so '
              'watchable. this film is also right on the money by telling the '
              'viewers about the difficulties of the three Chinese generations '
              'living under the same roof. it also shows how difficult the old '
              'and dying generation to deal with their younger generations. '
              'the age and generation gaps are just too big and too wide. '
              'similar portrayal of the older generation to deal with among '
              'themselves, carrying too much and too many from their '
              'past.there is a very subtle thing that i have to remind the '
              'Chinese people here. remember who had cruelly ruined your '
              "parents' and your grand parents' lives, who had heartlessly and "
              'purposely destroyed their youth hood, their livelihood, their '
              'families, their homes, their parents and their grand parents. '
              'who had caused such inhuman atrocity? remember that the most '
              'bloody part of the Chinese history was done by the same people '
              'and the same group. the same group of people had also learned a '
              'lesson from what they did wrongly in that delinquent era, so '
              'right after 1970, they decided to have a different face '
              'changing strategy.this film has told us how a young single '
              'parent struggled so hard and so stubbornly strong to have her '
              "kid growing up and didn't die miserably. she still got so many "
              'dreams and so many regrets that she needed to have a second '
              'chance to relive twice again and to restart a new life if '
              'possible when she could become young again.if i have to point '
              'out the thing that i am not quite agree with, then i have to '
              'say that one the cast was not as good as the others: the guy '
              'who played the agent. a very bad actor without any talent at '
              "all. most of the time, he didn't actually became the person he "
              'should have duly performed. i have noticed that all he could do '
              "was to await other roles to complete their dialog and when it's "
              'time to deliver his own, he just recited it without any feeling '
              "deep from his heart. this is a very bad actor, yet he's still "
              "so popular. why, that's the question.there's exactly the same "
              "Korean movie, 'Miss Granny 2014', which was the original "
              'adapted by the Chinese producer. the only difference between '
              'these two is: the younger Chinese grandma is more lovely and '
              'cutier than the Korean one.',
 'tt4363250': 'While I managed to watch the entire film, it took effort. The '
              'film is not completely terrible, but despite what some of the '
              "raving reviews state, here's my take: CGI creatures and effects "
              "almost comical, I can't recall anything so bad in years. Acting "
              'is not great, but largely due to the poor script. Plot is '
              'completely illogical, fraught with stereotypical characters, '
              'and clichéd pseudo relationships, nothing flowed, there was no '
              'chemistry to speak of. The Chuck Norris wannabe with his '
              'slicked back hair was terrible. And the killer for me, landing '
              'a futuristic, largest of its kind airbus, on a 300 meter long '
              'aircraft carrier. That pretty much summed things up. The movie '
              'is almost worth the 90 minute investment just because it is so '
              'hokey and filled with the cheapest effects this side of Hong '
              'Kong. Someone affiliated with the production must be writing '
              'these rave reviews, this is not that movie.',
 'tt4370650': 'The documentary itself is neither profound nor informative. '
              "It's even not well-structured in many senses. It might "
              "disappoint people who don't have much background knowledge "
              'about Chinese college students now and then. It is definitely '
              'precious as a documentary of that generation.',
 'tt4392726': "At a ripe old age of 60, Hong Kong's gangster noir master "
              'Johnnie To seems to have mellowed. In place of hard-boiled '
              "male-driven films like 'The Mission', 'Election' and 'Exiled', "
              "To has preached about the corruptibility of money in 'Life "
              "Without Principle', broken his cardinal rule against sequels in "
              "favour of a sappy slapstick rom-com in 'Don't Go Breaking My "
              "Heart 2', and is now doing a full-fledged musical about "
              "corporate politics. 'Office', adapted by Sylvia Chang from her "
              "own hit play 'Design for Living', is probably the most "
              'uncharacteristic Johnnie To film we have seen to date, though '
              'it is also hardly one of his best, be it from a critical or '
              'commercial standpoint.As with her play, Chang stars as the '
              'high-powered CEO named Winnie of the lucrative company Jones & '
              'Sunn that is about to launch its IPO. Established early in the '
              "narrative is that Winnie used to be the Chairman's secretary, "
              'and that their relationship goes beyond that of a mentor and a '
              "mentee. Indeed, it is an open secret among the company's rank "
              "and file employees that Winnie is Chairman Ho Chung-ping's "
              '(Chow Yun Fat) lover, and it is also hinted later on that his '
              'comatose wife (Mimi Kung) whom he visits regularly in hospital '
              'with a bouquet of flowers has never quite gotten over his '
              'affair. On the other hand, his bright Harvard-graduate daughter '
              'Kat (Long Yueting) has just joined the company as an ordinary '
              'employee, in order to give her an opportunity to prove her '
              'worth to her fellow colleagues. Though Winnie was a pivotal '
              "lead character in the stage version, Chang's screenplay instead "
              'cedes more time to three other characters – her vice CEO David '
              'Wang (Eason Chan), a bold but impetuous go- getter who has been '
              "using the company's money to dabble in stocks; the company's "
              'financial controller Sophie (Tang Wei), who has just been '
              'dumped by her fiancé back in China because she keeps putting '
              'off their marriage in fear that it would affect her career '
              'progression; and last but not least, Li Xiang (Wang Liyi), an '
              "eager bright-eyed new employee whom Winnie favours to David's "
              "resentment and who has a thing for the Chairman's daughter Kat. "
              'Their collective fates unfold against the backdrop of the '
              'looming Lehman crisis in 2008, with profound ramifications on '
              'both the company and its employees. Commendable though it may '
              'be for Chang to reduce her role in order to give voice to the '
              'other characters occupying different strata of the company '
              'hierarchy, the absence of a lead character unfortunately makes '
              "for several under-developed subplots that don't quite flow or "
              'blend into each other. David comes off as the most fully formed '
              'character of the lot, but his tryst with Winnie and subsequent '
              'manipulation of Sophie in the midst of her emotional meltdown '
              "lacks credibility. Ditto for Li Xiang's attraction towards Kat, "
              "which isn't given a raison d'être beyond love at first sight. "
              'But most lamentable is the relationship between Chung-ping and '
              'Winnie, which has been condensed into a handful of scenes with '
              'both exchanging knowing looks at each other during some '
              'corporate event or with Winnie staring wistfully at pictures of '
              'Chung-ping on her desktop.Without enough time to properly '
              'develop these intricate workplace relationships, To struggles '
              'to find the right tone for his blend of office drama and '
              'satire. On one hand, the musical numbers strike a comic note on '
              'the grind of the everyday work life; on the other, the rest of '
              'the film want to portray in all seriousness the different '
              'corporate archetypes, whether the over-achieving newcomer, the '
              'brash yet insecure senior management executive, or the shrewd '
              'but Machiavellian head honcho. That uneasy balance falls apart '
              'in the third act as To tries to build towards a finale that is '
              'meant to bring both reckoning and closure for the characters, '
              'what dramatic resonance in the proceedings sadly undercut by '
              'the frivolity of some musical numbers that seem awkwardly '
              'inserted to lighten the mood. These flaws however do not '
              "diminish the film's technical accomplishments, of which there "
              'are many. For one, the US$6.3 million set designed by William '
              'Chang on which the whole film was filmed is impressive to say '
              'the very least, especially the open- concept office space '
              'comprising one floor of orderly rows of tables and chairs and '
              'two converging staircases leading to the upper floor where the '
              "CEO's office is. Much thought has also been put into the visual "
              'design, which aims for a clean-cut minimalist look that either '
              'does away with opaque walls altogether or makes them '
              'transparent. In that respect, the staging (pardon the pun) '
              'feels almost as if we were watching actors on a stage, '
              'performing in a series of interconnected cells defined by thin '
              'metal bars and brightly lit florescent tubes.As unique as '
              "'Office' may be amidst To's oeuvre, it will likely not be "
              'remembered among one of his best. That has largely to do with '
              "Chang's script, which tries to balance too many characters at "
              'the same time and ends up being unwieldy in the process. It '
              'also lacks the clarity of purpose and voice as his best films, '
              'unable to decide if it wants its message to take away a serious '
              "moral message like 'Life Without Principle' or simply be "
              "entertained like 'Don't Go Breaking My Heart 2'. It ends up "
              'doing neither well, and instead coming off better as a '
              'technically accomplished exercise full of style but somewhat '
              'lacking in substance. Oh yes, it is pretty to look at, but it '
              'is ultimately also pretty empty inside.',
 'tt4412240': 'Good show but the brown bear voice scared me, the big brother '
              'one. I can do a better job than that guy.',
 'tt4434172': 'River, the focus of this review, made its world premiere at the '
              'Berlin International Film Festival on 11 February 2015 and was '
              'shown at the 18th Shanghai International Film Festival on 28 '
              'May 2015. On 10 December 2015 in Lha sa, Zon thar rgyal showed '
              'River with his first film, The Sun Beaten Path. "The film has '
              'won more than 13 awards domestically and overseas since its '
              'completion."5 As of March 2016, River was unavailable online '
              'and DVDs were unavailable for purchase. River is the second '
              'film directed and written by Zon thar rgyal. It features '
              'non-professional Tibetan performers and all the dialogues are '
              'in A mdo Tibetan. It was shot in Mtsho lho Tibetan Autonomous '
              'Prefecture over a three-year period and features all the four '
              'seasons. Zon thar rgyal says that inspiration for River came '
              'with the arrival of his second child (a son), which made his '
              'daughter very uncomfortable. "At first I just wanted to make a '
              'simple movie for children as a gift for my daughter,"6 he said '
              'during an interview in Lhasa. Later, however, the film became '
              'more elaborate with the addition of a grandfather, creating a '
              'story that embraces three generations.From my experience, most '
              'Tibetan fathers have little discussion with family members '
              'about family affairs. Gu ru is typical,making decisions and '
              'telling his wife later, e.g., Gu ru decides to move to the '
              'summer place earlier even though the ground is frozen without '
              "talking it over with his wife. When Rig sgrol learns Gu ru's "
              'decision, she can only acquiesce.All the actors wear ordinary '
              'clothing throughout, A mdo dialect is spoken in the film, and '
              'the actors realistically express human emotions in ways that '
              'are familiar to me. This gave me a "Tibetan" feeling, which I '
              'was glad to experience because there are few such films.',
 'tt4440036': 'This film will put shame to about 98% Chinese movies which were '
              'and have been blindly churned out so crazily every year from '
              'China. A great film that has deeply moved me endearingly. The '
              'most important ingredients that would make a movie so sublimely '
              'great did not just rely upon one thing. First of all, the '
              'screenplay writer must write it out of his own heart with '
              'passion, empathy and having the realistic experience as a '
              'parent. So this screenplay to me is a perfect one, and when a '
              'good screenplay became a reality by a director who was also '
              'that screenplay writer, then the movie got a very good chance '
              'to become a great one. So now we got a good screenplay, a good '
              'director who was also the screenplay writer, the next important '
              'ingredient to make it maintain the goodness was to find right '
              'and appropriate cast to make the screenplay become more real '
              'and alive. Here again, Andy Lau was approached to play the main '
              'character, a father lost his son and had been on the road for '
              'over 14 years looking for his kidnapped son.Here, I have to '
              'admit and confess that before watched this film, Andy Lau to me '
              'was not a great actor; I often considered him as an over-blown, '
              'overly hyped actor without great talent, his images in so many '
              'movies were not impressive, albeit a bit pretentious, an actor '
              'became famous and popular simply by accident and by luck. But '
              'after this film, watching him played this role with his heart, '
              'mind and soul; with his micro expressions and his body '
              'languages so exquisitely genuine and so natural; with the great '
              'make-up works, attire/costume; his natural-grown '
              'salt-and-pepper hairdo, his thistle mustache and beard...his '
              'screen image was so perfect that had deeply moved me for the '
              'whole ongoing from start to the end. A great Oscar worthy '
              'performance that only a few Chinese male actors could have '
              'reached and achieved. Andy Lau had redemptively gifted himself '
              'to finally become a true great actor. Congratulations, Andy! '
              "You've finally arrived. As to the young supporting actor, Boran "
              'Jin, who also had proved that he is an up and coming great '
              'young actor to be watched. The only thing that I am not quite '
              'sure about his role in this film is his way-too-white teeth. A '
              'country boy and motorcycle repair young guy, an often depressed '
              'young man who knew deep down in his heart that he was a '
              'kidnapped person, a guy with such deep loneliness and sorrow, '
              'did he still get the urge to brighten up his teeth so '
              'unbelievably white? Maybe likely but to me, highly '
              'unlikely.Beautiful camera work! Through the great eyes of the '
              'master camera man, we have wonderfully experienced the beauty '
              'of China, on the road, an artwork wonderfully done.Also, very '
              'nice soundtrack. The supporting music was just right, very '
              'tentative, very sublime and very reserved, accompanied every '
              'shot of the film with subtlety, not exaggerated and not '
              'pretentious. A wonderful supporting ingredient for a great '
              'movie, usually not done quite right by lot of movies.In '
              'summary, this is a great film, a notch higher than "Dearest" in '
              'the same genre and subject. Watch it.',
 'tt4478128': '"Li Wen at East Lake" is a free-form work, hovering between '
              'feature film and documentary. Fact and fiction intermingle and '
              'improvisation plays an important role.The films follows the '
              'languid rhythm of the shores of iconic East Lake near the city '
              'of Wuhan and touches on themes of the development and '
              'transformation of the Chinese countryside, both socially and '
              'physically. The old - e.g. a local myth concerning a dragon in '
              'the lake and fishermen that are rendered obsolete - is '
              'contrasted with the new, e.g. an art protest against real '
              'estate development and changing attitudes among the younger '
              'generations towards sexual diversity. A subtle humor and '
              'overall light tone run through the film. The likable amateur '
              'actor Li Wen delivers a fine role. Interviews with locals only '
              'add to the documentary feel. Thanks to its striking form and '
              'tone, "Li Wen at East Lake" was one of the more memorable and '
              'refreshing films I saw at the International Film Festival '
              'Rotterdam.',
 'tt4483422': "It's basically like Sex in the City. But with only 3 main "
              'female characters. Based around their love life, or lacking '
              'there of. Including the dramas within the work life. Some parts '
              'were edited out, which would make the movie a little choppy. '
              "But you could still understand everything that's happening in "
              "the movie. Either way, it's a good movie, for a chick flick. "
              'The 3 main actors are very well known in China, one is also '
              "known in America, (Vivian Wu). They've always give their acting "
              '110% in my opinion. So it was very enjoyable for me especially. '
              "Since I get to see these women play a character that they've "
              'never played before. Hope this review helped.',
 'tt4495750': "This will win next year's U.S. Academy Award for best foreign "
              'film, or maybe best documentary, or both.Directed and narrated '
              'by former CCTV journalist Chai Jing, we are taken on a '
              'high-budget journey to the source of "PM2.5" (fine particulate '
              'matter) air pollution which afflicts many Chinese cities, '
              'especially in the winter. We are shown an operation on the '
              'lungs of an emphysema patient who never smoked; and an '
              'animation of micro-particulate effects on the bloodstream '
              'that\'s not unlike the old Bell Science film, "Hemo the '
              'Magnificent." The film explores the politics of China\'s big '
              'oil and big coal vs. the nascent Chinese environmental '
              'movement, which are exactly like the politics of the U.S. oil '
              "and coal industries vs. the U.S. EPA, except China's industries "
              'are arguably more corrupt. China has strong environmental laws, '
              'but up to now has only rarely enforced them. Jing travels to '
              'far-flung places such as London and Long Beach, California -- '
              'where a Chinese-speaking California Highway Patrol officer '
              'tests truck tailpipe emissions at a roadside checkpoint, and '
              'issues $1000 fix-it tickets.Most of the documnentary is '
              'presented by Jing before a live audience, TED-talk style. The '
              "film begins and ends with Jing concerned about her daughter's "
              'having to wear a face mask to filter out PM2.5 particles. She '
              'urges the audience to call 12369, the Chinese equivalent of '
              '1-800-CUT-SMOG, if they witness air pollution.As I write this, '
              'the Chinese government has just banned the film, but not before '
              'hundreds of millions of Chinese citizens were able to view it. '
              'The English-subtitle version remains available to U.S. viewers '
              "on YouTube.Don't let the subtitles dissuade you from seeing "
              'this important and entertaining film.',
 'tt4514606': 'I found this movie to be very entertaining,it catches a grip on '
              "you from the start,i didn't know what it was about i only knew "
              'Wenzhuo Zhao was in it,i have followed his films since 1993 '
              'when i saw Fong sai yuk for the first time,i think he is a '
              'great martial artist/actor. First off this is not a kung fu '
              "movie so don't expect great fights like true legend or the "
              'blade,but it is a good thriller,you can clearly see that Zhao '
              'have evolved to a charismatic and talented actor not only is he '
              'good at martial arts but he can actually act,sadly many '
              'westerners have probably not seen the great TV-series his been '
              'in because they are mostly without English subtitles,however it '
              'was a surprise to see him in a role like this. A solid thriller '
              'with good acting imo,it surely kept me interested in its 1h.38 '
              'min runtime.',
 'tt4537986': 'When I learned that legendary action director John Woo was out '
              'with a new film that promised to be in the same style as '
              'classics like "The Killer" and "Hard Boiled", I was pretty '
              'pumped. But my feelings at the end of my viewing of the movie '
              'were much less subdued. To be fair, not all of the downfall of '
              "the movie can be put on Woo's shoulders. When characters in "
              'speak in English, they seem to be badly dubbed with awkward '
              "sounding dialogue that doesn't sound natural at all. Even worse "
              'is the script. The story has more than its share of incoherent '
              'plot turns, and many linking scenes seem to be missing (though '
              'Woo might be to blame for that last one.) Also, there are some '
              'plot turns and developments that are... well... just pretty '
              'stupid. If the characters had been a lot smarter, the conflict '
              "would have ended a lot quicker.As for Woo's contributions to "
              "the movie, he doesn't manage to be able to do much. To be fair, "
              'he keeps the movie moving at a pretty fast pace, enough that '
              'you might not notice some of the poor scripting. But when it '
              'comes to action sequences, the action is just not up to the '
              'action in his past efforts. The farmhouse shoot-out and the '
              'climatic action sequence have their moments, but even those two '
              "moments don't really hold a candle to what Woo did in the past. "
              'The other action sequences, while not really bad, seem pretty '
              'routine for the most part.In the end, the movie is kind of a '
              'disappointment. Those who are really into Asian action movies '
              'may get some enjoyment out of it, but I think even they will '
              'see its many weaknesses, and see why it was released directly '
              'to Netflix.',
 'tt4545806': 'The movie expresses a attracting plot. I think this movie is '
              'perfectly illustrated by director Su Youpeng. It is starred by '
              'new actors Oho Ou (Ou Hao) and Chen Duling, though sentimental '
              'and sincere. I saw this movie in Beijing with my beloved girl. '
              'I hope the finest time will never stop continuing. It is the '
              'first time that Su Youpeng (a Taiwan actor) direct a film. '
              'Though lacking experience, he has a well experienced supporting '
              'team. The script is adapted by a highly popular adolescent '
              'novel written by Rao Xueman, a well welcomed novelist in China. '
              'Because of this, this movie attracted large number of audience. '
              'I am deeply impressed by the romance, sorrow and positive '
              'energy of this film.',
 'tt4591310': 'I really enjoyed it, it was a fun action fantasy romp, and I '
              "love the various Journey to the West stories. I didn't see the "
              "first Monkey King, it had such poor reviews so I didn't bother. "
              "Anyway, Monkey King 2 completely feels like its' own entity, it "
              'is a different story from the book and the Monkey King origin '
              'story has been told many times before. Aaron Kwok is a delight '
              "to watch. I can't say how he compared to Donnie Yen but he's so "
              "lovable. It's FUN, often funny. Gong Li is very hammy, and "
              "couldn't chew the scenery more, but it's within the tone of the "
              'film. It really is a riveting family adventure from start to '
              'finishIt contains the usual overabundance of CG which all these '
              "Chinese blockbusters have, but the quality isn't awful this "
              'time! Much better than some of the video-game level effects '
              "I've seen recently in others. There is a lot of practical "
              'wire-work amidst the wash of particle effects and glowy things. '
              'Most importantly, the charisma of the stars shines through it.I '
              "saw this on a trip to China, I don't know if it received, or "
              'will receive a release in the West, but it should. It will '
              "probably turn up in the Netflix graveyard at some point. It's "
              'better than most cookie- cutter American fantasy blockbusters, '
              'with, of course due to the nature of the source text, much '
              'better lessons and values sitting underneath the action than '
              "'yet another Hero's Journey story' as Hollywood pumps out again "
              'and again.',
 'tt4613272': 'KAILI BLUES: A DEMANDING, STUNNING EXPERIENCEKAILI BLUES is an '
              'extraordinary film\x85'
              '.not just a good first feature, not just a good independent '
              'Chinese film.\x85'
              'but an imperfect dazzling masterpiece. Audiences who watch '
              'normal films bring strong ideas of what makes effective, '
              'satisfying storytelling.\x85'
              'I came expecting another good festival art film from China, yet '
              'even as a film director/critic, it took me 45 minutes to '
              'suddenly realise and understand what the director was '
              'brilliantly achieving with fresh cinematic language and vision. '
              'From then on I was mesmerised and deeply moved. This film '
              "doesn't satisfy cinematic art or entertainment "
              'preconceptions\x85'
              '.It is unique, thrilling personal cinema, that communicates on '
              'different conscious and subconscious levels, conceptually, '
              'visually, emotionally.BI GAN, the very young film director/poet '
              'in his 20s, is already an honest, open, accomplished artist, '
              'with well-deserved self-confidence (ego firmly in-check), '
              'dynamic creative ambitions, and skills to accomplish them. I '
              "don't want to burden him with this, or sound pretentious and "
              "preposterous – but I couldn't help flashing on Orson Welles "
              'during "Citizen Kane".Wang Tianxing\'s cinematography was '
              'stunning, perfectly merging with the dynamic style and '
              'viewpoints of the story. No matter how many camera persons were '
              'used or their professional experience, everything flowed '
              'seamlessly emotionally. The magical 41-minute single moving '
              'shot is as revolutionary as Sokurov\'s landmark "Russian Ark," '
              'with greater psychological and emotional resonance. Memory, '
              'fantasy, and reality weave through and around each other.Film '
              'crafts and cinema language are used smoothly and very '
              'effectively: visually powerful rural locations in Kaili, '
              'Guizhou Province, China (used with subtlety and respect), '
              '"costumes" (real lived-in clothes), props (from real homes and '
              'villages). Production design, sound, and editing are all '
              'creatively professional. The Producers did a remarkable job '
              'during pre-production, shooting, and post-production, because '
              'there must have been daily stressful problems to overcome.The '
              'actors – 99% non-professional - are perfectly cast and '
              "directed. Chen Yongzhong's memorable presence holds together "
              'all the wonderful characters in the 110-minute film.Traditional '
              "Chinese, Miao, children's song, local band, actor's song, new "
              'music, and terrific end credit duet, are all evocative and '
              'touching.KAILI BLUES should be seen at least two times, and '
              'discussed by film students in every international serious film '
              'school, and by audiences who are passionate about cinema in all '
              'countries within and outside China.(Since this is a glowing '
              'review, I must say that I have absolutely no connection with '
              'the film or anyone who made it.)',
 'tt4623812': 'There is not a shot out of place, not a word uttered or note of '
              'music that is not just right in this film. I admit I had to '
              'watch it twice to get all the nuances. You must listen for when '
              'they are speaking Shanghainese or Japanese and you must '
              'understand a bit about what was happening in china and shanghai '
              'in 1937. There are family ties, triad ties, Japanese secret '
              'society ties and love ties. There is betrayal of all these '
              'ties. Jumping back and forth in time makes the plot unravel '
              'slowly and like a game of mah-jong the final betrayal is '
              'revealed when all the tiles are exposed at the end. This is a '
              'great movie. It does not have any kung-fu or wire-work or epic '
              'slow motion gunfights and white doves - but it is a truly '
              'original masterpiece. I recommend it to anyone who wants to see '
              'a thoughtful movie and be challenged by what a great piece of '
              'cinema is.',
 'tt4630562': "This was painful. Action? Yes, but we're talking Physics that "
              'Sharknado would be ashamed of. Failure to understand or accept '
              'how reality works, even at a basic level. If you know the '
              'basics of cars, computers or physics, this will inflict pain to '
              'your brain.No part of this movie made sense, it makes all 7 '
              'prequels seem like a real life documentary about cars. By far - '
              'Worst of the series. By going so far off the deep end, it made '
              'it too improbable for me to enjoy.',
 'tt4644382': 'I grow up watching Japanese anime and American cartoons in '
              'China; Chinese people seldom watched our own cartoons; we have '
              'never expected to enjoy a good animation directed and made by '
              'ourselves. We watched Evangelion; we watched Captain America, '
              'but we never have a Chinese hero in our hearts， but now we have '
              'one; There is an old word in China: Defects cannot belittle '
              'virtues; I have to admit that it impressed me, though it is '
              'worse than some Japanese anime,some American cartoons；most '
              'people in China read Journey to the West; the story is amended '
              'from the book; it has some faults, ambiguous ending for the '
              'rule of Chinese Cultural Affairs Bureau, but everyone finishing '
              'this movie says:It is the best Chinese 3-D animation I have '
              'ever watched; At least, it is a good start of Chinese '
              'animation.',
 'tt4648786': "I attend a HBCU and have read, and studied, Harriet Tubman's "
              "life. I don't even know where to begin. There is no account of "
              'her ever standing with Union soldiers and pointing a gun. There '
              'are so many errors and what I saw on the screen was complete '
              "fiction. I wasn't expecting a documentary, of course, but the "
              'woman they portrayed lived a completely different life to '
              "everything I've been taught by professors who live and breathe "
              'African American history. Hollywood should be ashamed.',
 'tt4655294': "This wasn't what I was expecting with this film. It was a "
              'little too all over the place for me. We were thrown into each '
              "mini story in a hectic & chaotic manner. I didn't have chance "
              'to connect with any of the stories or characters really. Had '
              'potential and some decent ideas. But It felt too rushed for me '
              'personally.',
 'tt4657400': 'My reaction while watching this movie was almost the same one '
              'that Krusty the clown after seeing "Worker and Parasite": This '
              'movie is a muddled mess from beginning to end, and there were '
              'several moments when I thought this was actually a compilation '
              'of cutscenes from a video game due the weird and confusing '
              'narrative where neither the plot, characters or setting are '
              'properly introduced. Instead of that, we got a mishmash of '
              'stuff happening for no reason, lots of clichés and scenes that '
              'almost seem plagiarized from blockbusters like The Lord of the '
              'Rings movies and The Avengers.Maybe the most disappointing part '
              'of all of this is that despite how bizarre this movie could be '
              'at moments, it also manages to be quite dull, mostly because of '
              'the forgettable characters and predictable pattern of the '
              'plot.I believe that a good direction, the use of well-known '
              'elements and interesting characters is able to turn the most '
              'overused plots into something enjoyable, but sadly this movie '
              'has nothing of that on its favor. The bad CGI and some rather '
              "questionable characters designs certainly doesn't help very "
              'much.I think the only positive aspect from this movie was '
              'Warrior, the pet dog of the main character, which somehow '
              'managed to be more endearing than the rest of the cast from '
              'this dreadful mess.',
 'tt4658478': 'First of all, the director and scriptwriter do not know Chinese '
              'martial arts at all, and many of the actors are very good at '
              'martial arts, so-called amateur guidance expert. Trigram swim '
              'body palm, foot does not leave the ground, take tai chi mud '
              'step. You let big things fly in the sky, is appropriate.Chinese '
              'martial arts pay attention to the root. The figure that the '
              'sand performs looks should be li shuwen of liu he big gun that '
              'school, but the gun that USES is not right path obviously. '
              "They're flying over there, too. Is that right?< / p > < p > "
              'liang xiaolong see that pile should be authentic round pile, if '
              'he walked is the old shelf, but this dong haichuan has not paid '
              'a visit to the teacher on the side of the people also put a '
              "round pile shelf. What a genius can't even learn a stake in two "
              'minutes, silly boy.Just say foreigners... Alas, foreigners that '
              'time still give priority to with boxing, here a few foreigners '
              'all leg skill is consummate. Looks like a taekwondo or karate '
              'meaning, say in the early qing dynasty jiu-jitsu and karate and '
              'taekwondo did not develop to Britain and France, how many '
              'brothers through?At that time, basically only our country and a '
              'few other countries martial arts to health, skills for '
              'complementary, other countries are mainly skills, health almost '
              'impossible to talk about. Therefore, they are very demanding on '
              'the body, the master is usually muscular, in order to achieve '
              'the explosive force required. Look at the movie that a few '
              'foreigners, I a go to, miserable see ~ look for a few fitness '
              'over a period of time of person also line ~',
 'tt4687848': "If you've seen 'Little Big Soldier' or 'Police Story 2013', "
              "you'll know better than to expect Jackie Chan's third "
              'collaboration with Mainland filmmaker Ding Sheng to be a '
              "martial arts showcase of the former's acrobatic stunts. And "
              "sure enough, despite being billed as 'a Jackie Chan "
              "action-comedy blockbuster', 'Railroad Tigers' is really an "
              'ensemble piece set against the backdrop of the Japanese '
              'invasion of East China in the early 1940s. Based upon true '
              'events, Chan plays a humble railroad worker named Ma Yuan who '
              'leads a ragtag team from his village to blow up a critical '
              'transportation route across the Hanzhuang bridge for the '
              'Japanese to send supplies to their troops at the frontlines. '
              'Once again assuming both writing and directing duties, Ding '
              'Sheng keeps the premise appealingly simple. Not content to toil '
              'for the invading Japanese in their respective jobs, Ma Yuan and '
              'his fellow railroad workers as well as a bunch of other '
              'working-class village folk take to robbing them every now and '
              'then – indeed, it is in the midst of one such daring midday '
              'robbery of a passenger train carrying a group of Japanese '
              'soldiers and their pillages that the members of the titular '
              'ragtag team are introduced via title cards. An Eighth Route '
              "army soldier Daguo (Darren Wang) stumbles into Ma Yuan's humble "
              'but cosy village house one night while evading capture by the '
              'Japanese, the former recounting how his platoon had tried but '
              'failed to detonate the aforementioned bridge. Upon his '
              'recovery, Daguo insists on returning to his platoon. Alas, '
              'Daguo fails to make it back before being shot by the Japanese, '
              'so Ma Yuan decides to assemble the team to complete his '
              'assignment – and in so doing, realises their collective hopes '
              "of 'doing something big' or '干票大 的'.Though his previous movies "
              'seemed to demonstrate his predilection for character-driven '
              'storytelling, Ding Sheng is all out for visual spectacle here, '
              'structuring his narrative around a series of extended action '
              'sequences– the opening train robbery is an ambitious start that '
              'also sets a playful tone, followed by a raid on the armoury '
              'warehouse at Shaguo station to procure the explosives needed to '
              'blow up the bridge, then a heroic attempt to rescue Ma Yuan and '
              'his associate Rui (Jaycee Chan) imprisoned by the Japanese in a '
              'square metal cell on board another moving train, and last but '
              'not least the loudest, longest and undeniably overblown (pardon '
              'the pun) setpiece to hijack a Japanese military transport '
              "locomotive intended as the very 'bomb' itself. In between are "
              'scenes meant to emphasise the camaraderie between the ragtag '
              'team of revolutionaries, arguably too short and too sparse for '
              'any individual character – except Ma Yuan and Rui – to make '
              "much impression.That said, 'Railroad Tigers' probably bears the "
              "least character work among all of Ding Sheng's movies so far. "
              "Ma Yuan's status as leader seems premised solely on his age and "
              'paternal instincts, and other than hinting at a slow-burn '
              'romance with the village pancake seller Auntie Qin, there is '
              'little else that defines him. The same goes for the other '
              'railroad workers Rui and Dagui (Ping Sang) as well as the other '
              "members of the 'Tigers' – amateur tailor Dahai (Huang Zitao), "
              "handywoman Xing'er (Xu Fan) and serial pickpocketer San Laizi "
              '(Alan Ng). Because Chan plays Ma Yuan low-key and unassuming, '
              'it is former warlord bodyguard Fan Chuan (Wang Kai) who steals '
              'his thunder whenever the latter is on screen, putting his '
              'sharpshooting skills to good use especially during shootouts '
              'with the Japanese. Next to the Tigers, the Japanese are defined '
              'by the cocky military police captain Yamaguchi (Hiroyuki '
              'Ikeuchi), his stern no-nonsense female colleague Yuko (Zhang '
              'Lanxin) and to a lesser extent the bumbling station master '
              'Sakamoto (Kôji Yano). With the sheer number of characters, it '
              'is not difficult to see why there is little time to develop any '
              'of them, such that each becomes known by and large by his or '
              'her relation to the unfolding narrative. Like we said earlier, '
              'the action takes centrestage, interspersed now and then with '
              "slapstick gags that do not always hit the mark. Chan's "
              'good-natured goofiness is still amusing, but the humour borders '
              'on childish at times, and undercuts the build-up of dramatic '
              'tension especially during the supposedly tense and dangerous '
              'situations. In fact, an extended gag that sees Yamaguchi '
              'consume not one but two drugged pancakes prepared by Auntie Qin '
              'which causes him fall asleep while the Tigers act to rescue Ma '
              'Yuan and Rui as well as turn lecherous against the male deputy '
              'station master held for interrogation is downright farcical – '
              "besides raising suspicions of the filmmakers' disdain towards "
              'the Japanese, it also diminishes the intended display of '
              "bravery of the Tigers. It doesn't matter that 'Railroad Tigers' "
              "contains next to none of Jackie Chan's death-defying stunts; in "
              'fact, true fans of the martial arts actor should be happy that '
              'his films are not solely defined by how high he jumps or how '
              "far he leaps. Oh no, Ding Sheng's latest collaboration with "
              'Chan is underwhelming because it seems no more than an excuse '
              'for the former to live out his childhood fantasies of trains in '
              'a big-budget motion picture, disguising his fancies under a '
              'purported celebration of the heroism of a group of ordinary '
              'civilians displayed in the anti-Japanese war effort. '
              'Ironically, his latest film could have benefited with more of '
              "the self-seriousness in 'Police Story 2013' (which was accused "
              'of being too sombre), instead of letting the often foolish and '
              'even self-indulgent humour to dilute the action and drama. '
              "Ding's inspiration is also the Hollywood Westerns of trains and "
              "train heists, and on that level alone, 'Railroad Tigers' is "
              'certainly watchable; but for a Jackie Chan movie, it is '
              "undeniably disappointing, not least because Chan doesn't even "
              'get to do much beyond appearing next to his son and/or a whole '
              'bunch of other Mainland actors.',
 'tt4701182': 'Heartwarming story, but seems tailored to be more enjoyable to '
              "the 8-12 year old's as an upgrade from the 80's animated "
              "series. It's not your expected typical adult action filled "
              'Transformers installment. You can tell this was written by an '
              'inexperienced amateur writer, Christina Hodson. The directing '
              'was fairly decent, considering this was Animator Travis '
              "Knight's first live action film he's directed. Not sure why the "
              'producers (especially Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg) decided '
              'to cheap out on these key elements, and then have to pay for '
              'pretty much every fake 10/10 review this film has on here. The '
              "film's soundtrack was a good throwback to some good 80's songs. "
              'Hailee Steinfeld was perfect as always, but pairing her up with '
              'Jorge Lendeborg Jr. and his banana seat bike, made them both '
              'look like they were 12 years old. Although still enjoyable, I '
              'expected more. Would I recommend it? Yes for kids, not really '
              "for adults. Would I see it again? Nope, but I'm sure my 8 year "
              "old nephew will. It's a 7/10 from me.",
 'tt4701660': "This year's Chinese New Year is packed with Festive Films, from "
              'Monkey King 2, Vegas to Macau 3 to Mermaid.After watching all 3 '
              'of them, I have decided to only write a review for Mermaid '
              'because it is the only one worth the effort and time.The great '
              'thing about Mermaid is that while it is a comedy that brings '
              'the whole family together, it manages to bring in an underlying '
              'plot that teaches us important values about ecosystem and a '
              'life lesson about money and materialism.While not on par with '
              "Chow's masterpiece like Kung Fu Hustle or Shaolin Soccer, "
              'Mermaid is better than Journey to the West: Conquering the '
              'Demons. The slapstick style of comedy of Chow is evident '
              'throughout the movie, and the laughter by the audiences can be '
              'heard echoing throughout the cinema halls.A number memorable '
              'scenes provide some of the biggest laughs – such as when Shan '
              'made numerous botched attempts to assassinate Liu Xuan with '
              'various means and weapons from the sea.Newcomer Jelly Lin is '
              'the latest in a long line of "Stephen\'s Girls". Chow has the '
              'knack of discovering an illustrious list of talented actresses '
              'that include Karen Mok, Cecilia Cheung, and Vicky Zhao. Lin is '
              "the latest muse to channel Chow's range of rubber-faced "
              'physical comedy and deadpan delivery of killer lines. Jelly Lin '
              'is reportedly cast from auditions with over 10,000 '
              'hopefuls.While this film will not play extremely well with '
              'critics, it undoubtedly will have a good word-of-mouth as it is '
              'an entertaining movie with the right balance of humour, '
              'touching moments and good acting.After watching so many movies '
              'is this Chinese New Year, I can say that Mermaid is easily the '
              "best movie of them all.I look forward to Stephen Chow's next "
              'movie, and the opportunity for him to step in-front of the '
              'camera once more.',
 'tt4701702': "It's really difficult to review this film in a different "
              "language. In fact it's even tough to comprehend it for many "
              'Chinese who are distant from Peking for the reason that it '
              'entirely roots on the very local culture of Peking, of both '
              'yesterday and today.The main theme, to me, is about the change '
              'of belief.To many countries, the late half of the 20th century '
              'is a continuous of history. But in China, things are opposite. '
              'There was no much difference from North Korea till 1980s. But '
              "now it's more Capitalism than any genuine Capitalism countries. "
              'The old generation, including the Mr. Six, was born in the '
              'North Korea - like era. Although brainwashed by propaganda '
              'daily, what these former Peking boys value most are something '
              'traditional, the loyalty to friends and the courage to risk '
              'life for friends. They are really man, of great dignity, and '
              'will not bow down for money.The young generation, born in 1990s '
              'or 2000s, grew up in a totally different era. Peking, along '
              'other major cities of China, spent the last 20 years to become '
              'metropolitans cannot be differentiated from New York by '
              'appearance. The lifestyle of many Peking youth is in close '
              'association with alcohol, pub, racing cars. Also ironically, a '
              'significant portion of these playboys are descendants of those '
              'high rank communists who intended to shape the country to the '
              '2nd USSR. Consequently, the belief of the younger generation, '
              'the worship of money and power, is totally different from the '
              'former.The film is of plenty vanishing features of old Peking, '
              'like the Peking alleys or so called Hu Tong, the parrot in the '
              'cage, and the last scene, a remarkable stamp of those heroic '
              'boys in 1970s who fight with Katanas (collections of high rank '
              'communist from Sino-japan war) and green woolen coats.',
 'tt4714896': 'We had to drive 1.5 hours to see this film, as it was only in '
              'one theater in our state. The drive was totally worth it!!! On '
              'Wings of Eagles is a very high quality film, with production '
              'value, sets, acting, and special effects that could compare to '
              "most Hollywood flicks. Joseph Fiennes' performance was very "
              'strong and believable. His acting talent carried this film, '
              'just as it did in Risen. The story is very moving and '
              'inspiring, and is a great sequel to Chariots of Fire. I was '
              'very excited to see this on the big screen and hope that many '
              'people will be inspired by it. Several scenes with blood give '
              "it its' PG-13 rating, but the violence is not disturbing or "
              'overly graphic. This is a great film that is worth watching! My '
              'rating: Excellent!!!',
 'tt4722674': 'A film that makes you think "there are too many documentarists '
              'out there!"Of course they aren\'t. And quality comes from '
              'quantity. But this is not the one to bother.A messy story. Is '
              'it about the person? For security reasons there are no '
              'details.Is it about the life in North Korea? Yet the action is '
              'in South Korea.Is it about moving to China? Also no.Is it about '
              'the work? But you are bombarded with information about the move '
              'and China and many others.I was curious about Sun Mu. But I '
              'have wasted my time on zooms on paintings one can find online.',
 'tt4727756': 'i am a Chinese，so i can naturally take Chinese guy point of '
              'view to write what i think after having watched this whole '
              "movie，actually it's quite good and meaningful movie which can "
              'inspire your attitude toward life positively ，the main leading '
              'characters in this movie have different educational '
              'background，which is an reflection of Chinese educational '
              'system，even though they all genius，but unfortunately raised in '
              'this kind of educational system which is not very well，but this '
              'movie wanna tell us "just let it go"do what you wanna do to '
              'make your own dream come true， so at the end of movie，all of '
              'those genius become somebody in several areas，because the '
              'teacher just tell them you are genius，you r born to special，we '
              'are born to special，we do we grow the same in the same '
              'educational system, because many people are afraid of being '
              'difference',
 'tt4743226': 'Screen play. Steerike ooone! Acting. Steerike twooo! CGI. '
              'Steerike threeee. OUT! Bruce Willis has gone from Unbreakable '
              'to Unwatchable. Adrien Brody should have his Academy Award '
              'confiscated. I tried fast-forwarding to the good parts. There '
              "weren't any. This film is so bad, it made me nostalgic for "
              "Pearl Harbor! The worst part: My girlfriend can't get her "
              'dollar back from Redbox.',
 'tt4786802': 'Growing up, my teachers would ask my class what we want to be '
              'when we are older. Everyone would chorus the usual answers like '
              'doctors, policemen and so on. When it came to my turn, I would '
              'utter jobs like cinema usher, projectionist and at one time, an '
              'actor, and the teacher would always look bewildered. But as I '
              'grew older, dreams start to lose their intensity and the weight '
              'of expectations diminish them to mere dining table stories. For '
              "all the aspiring actors that populate Derek Yee's I Am "
              'Somebody, dreams are the fuel that drive their lives but how '
              'long do dreams last.Yee took 2 years to research the subject '
              'matter and out of all the unbridled sharing by these "never '
              'give up "troopers comes this ode to the unsung and unseen '
              'heroes of cinema, the film extras. The location is Hengdian, a '
              "city known as China's Hollywood, which has the largest outdoor "
              'film set in China. Its output a year has reached 150 films. '
              'Every year many people from all over China will journey to this '
              'small city of dreams in the hope of making it big. The story '
              'focuses on Wan Guopeng who sets off on his journey to stardom '
              "from Snow City, the boondocks of China's outer region. He will "
              'meet many others with the same aspiring dream as his but with '
              'different degrees of success. This is the story of their trial '
              'and tribulation.The movie is best when it hovers over this '
              'multitude of extras sharing their stories. No back stories are '
              'needed because it is the dream that defines them. The first '
              'half feels like the intersection of many lives but each of them '
              'will pursue their dream differently. There are those that work '
              'real hard hoping for the best. There are those that use the '
              'opportunity to hook wink and take advantage of others. There is '
              'one who has the physical looks but is lazy, thinking '
              'opportunities will present itself. Their acting chops vary from '
              'mediocre to average, but in terms of motivation they are in the '
              'top tier. This first hour is engrossing and authentic, truly '
              'intoxicating to watch because their energy is extremely '
              "infectious.The second half didn't fare very well. Yee indulges "
              'us with so much melodrama and clichés that we were swimming in '
              'them. There are scenes of preachy dialogue that tries too hard '
              "to justify the extras' purpose. It is here I suddenly felt the "
              "ache in my posterior as I see many needless scenes that don't "
              'serve much purpose. All the mediocrity in their acting started '
              'to show up. It is such a shame that Yee chose to go in this '
              "direction to close up all the individuals' story threads.IMHO "
              "the melodrama didn't sink the movie and on the whole the love "
              'letter to these unsung heroes still works very well. The '
              'mediocre acting works in a way because of their earnestness and '
              'sincerity, and it comes out feeling very authentic. This is '
              'balanced by lots of cameos by Stephen Fung, Daniel Wu, Ann Hui '
              'and Alex Fong. Anita Yuen has an extended cameo where she '
              'shares her acting journey with two aspiring actresses. But the '
              'best one belongs to Derek Yee who plays himself, directing a '
              'scene. This scene is exceptional in that it breaks the fourth '
              'wall, allowing us to be in a dramatic scene where we get to '
              'feel all the tension in getting everything right.We always know '
              'all great actors start somewhere. Sometimes I get a hoot seeing '
              'a well known actor acting in a bit part in an early role. In '
              'China, they start at Hengdian, a magnet of a place for people '
              'who dream big dreams. The movie is very thorough in detailing '
              'all these interesting aspects of success, so much so that I '
              "find Derek Yee didn't want to cut out anything. In the end Yee "
              'almost gets it all right. Still, this one is for the film '
              'extras, who walk and act in the background, hoping that we '
              'would see them. I see them now.',
 'tt4788934': 'I wish I had the chance of seeing "Little Door Gods" before '
              'making this review. Unfortunately, I only had the chance of '
              'watching "The Guardian Brothers", the English dubbed version '
              "that was released in the United States, so I won't able to make "
              'a proper comparison between them. With that being said, it '
              'still seems pretty obvious something went lost on '
              'translation.Without being terrible as the 4Kids anime dubs (or '
              'the atrocious Saban adaptation of the 3 Digimon films) "The '
              'Guardian Brothers" has its share of problems. The first of all '
              "(and the most notorious) it's the excessive (and many times "
              'inadequate) use of songs, which in many occasions completely '
              'kill the mood of several scenes. Most of them feel randomly '
              'chosen and honestly, they were a poor attempt to add humor to a '
              'story which already had plenty of that.The second problem is '
              'the intrusive narration, which at moments reminded me of "The '
              'Tale of Despereaux", pointing out the obvious in a couple of '
              'scenes. Ironically enough, certain parts of the movie felt a '
              'bit confusing or not properly explained, yet the narration was '
              'completely absent during those moments.On the other side, the '
              'voice acting was a mixed bag: Most of the voices did an '
              "adequate job for each character, even if the script wasn't "
              'exactly stellar. Dub problems aside, "The Guardian Brothers" '
              'was still a watchable family flick, with a neat animation style '
              'and some charming moments, but I wish the story fully explored '
              'the potential of its premise, and this dub could have a done a '
              'better job adapting the original version of this film for '
              'English speaking audiences.',
 'tt4814354': 'Horrible movie indeed. Better not to watch it, it is a waste of '
              'both time and money.',
 'tt4818250': 'Jian Bing Man is a happy little comedy of a classic form. '
              'Chengpeng Dong is on the top of the world, smug and foolish in '
              'his success. He takes a spill to the bottom and works his way '
              'back, learning who he is and what is important in the process. '
              "In this case, he's a film star, famous for playing one "
              'character. He takes a bribe from a gangster to star the '
              "gangster's girlfriend in his next movie. Within ten minutes, "
              'the money disappears, as do his film career and hangers-on. He '
              'still owes the gangster, so he has to make a movie from a '
              'ridiculous script he wrote as a child and with people anxious '
              "to get into films.It's a good setup for comic humiliation and "
              'no punches are pulled. Yet in the mix, I came to care very much '
              'about these characters as they came into focus and grew. While '
              'there is nothing in this film that is startlingly original, the '
              'details are put together in an engaging fashion, and that is '
              'enough to make it a superior comedy.',
 'tt4819498': 'The film starts well but slows down during the middle act. Also '
              'it moves between flashbacks which may confuse some viewers.\n'
              'The effects of the creatures and action were good but most of '
              'the things were offscreen n the kills were mild. Mayb the '
              'makers were happy with pg13.\n'
              'I have been a lil generous with a 7 cos of the creature effects '
              "n Yao Chen's luscious lips.",
 'tt4819514': "Three cheers for hotel TV's !\n"
              'I accidentally caught a chunk of this movie during a recent '
              'holiday and was luckily able to see the whole thing with '
              'English subs on good old Youtube once home.\n'
              "In short, it's quite entertaining.\n"
              "The somewhat clunky title suggests the storyline, but don't be "
              'put off. The script is apparently based on a famous Chinese '
              'comic by online cartoonist Xiong Dun, who was struggling with '
              'the "T" word of the title and decided to use humour as a way of '
              'putting her battle on the web and inspiring other cancer '
              'patients.\n'
              'That lightness of tone is one of two key factors here, '
              'especially in the first half. Director Yan Han unleashes some '
              "impressive fantasy scenes reflecting the heroine's thoughts ( "
              'who is named after the real-life author ) and a handsome doctor '
              'assigned to the case ( a suave Daniel Wu ) is a catalyst for '
              "some solid laughs as Ms Xiong flirts up a storm. I would've "
              'preferred a fantasy or two with XD imagining being blissfully '
              'married to the doctor, though a zombie scene is done very '
              'well.\n'
              'Two words for Key Factor Two : Baihe Bai.\n'
              "That's the main actress, and she's just adorable ! It's "
              'incredibly easy to fall in love with her and consequently her '
              'medical and personal adventures will make you care. Of course, '
              "beauty and a big smile don't necessarily equate with acting "
              'ability, and the more serious second half proves she has the '
              'required talent. And the supporting cast are all effective '
              'too.\n'
              "I won't discuss how it ends and whether she survives, but the "
              'final scene made me cry and I believe even the most '
              'hard-hearted of you will be moved.',
 'tt4819560': 'A huge movie star gets kidnapped for ransom and the police must '
              'find him before time is up.At first I though the movie was '
              'going to be similar JCVD, and it does have elements of that in '
              'the movie, with Andy Lau playing a actor who could have easily '
              'gotten himself out of the situation he was in if he was one of '
              "the characters he plays, but instead he's stuck in a house with "
              'a series of men who, though love him as an actor, seriously '
              'mean business.I loved the relationship Lau has with a fellow '
              'kidnapper. As Mr. Wu, he attempts to keep up his Star power '
              'persona to make him more claim. It was brilliantly done. For '
              'the most part, the movie was about the crime unit assigned to '
              "find Mr. Wu with the missing person's clock ticking. The guy "
              'who they got to play the leader of the kidnappers really took '
              'over the screen. it was all about him, and he made an '
              'impressive villain to watch. Overall, I have to recommend this '
              'police drama. Impressively done.',
 'tt4819576': 'After seeing the low IMDb rating and reading the bad reviews, I '
              'was expecting this movie to be another CGI mess like "10000 '
              'Years Later" (How that movie managed to have a higher score '
              'than this one will be always a mystery for me) with bad '
              'animation and a muddled plot...But it actually turned to be a '
              'pretty decent fantasy flick.The CGI for this movie was quite '
              'well made. Some scenes were very impressive and in certain '
              'aspects, more pleasant to look than many animated movies from '
              'the big studios (And by "big studios", I mean specifically '
              'Illumination Entertainment) Of course, there were a couple of '
              'moments when the movie looked a bit like cut-scenes from a '
              'video game, but the overall result was nice.The plot on the '
              'other hand, while being a bit clichéd, managed to be reasonably '
              'entertaining to watch, at least until the last minutes, where '
              'things start to get confusing and the dynamics between the '
              'characters become unnecessarily complicated. Even worse, there '
              'is no resolution to the main conflict, but since this '
              'apparently was inspired by a series of novels, I guess that all '
              'the loose ends from the plot will be eventually tied up by any '
              "future sequel. (At least, that's it what I hope.)This movie was "
              'okay. It was much better than "10000 Years Later" in every '
              "aspect, and honestly I don't know why it gets so much "
              'undeserved hate here on IMDb.',
 'tt4823122': 'This is an exciting action film from China, starring Baihe Bai '
              'as a policewoman whose daughter has been kidnapped. Desperately '
              'trying to find her, she unexpectedly aligns herself with an '
              'alleged fugitive for assistance.The plot of the movie is '
              'fast-paced from start to finish, full of entertaining elements '
              '- from the amnesia-plagued fugitive on the run from both cops '
              'and bad guys, to him working with the stern and determined '
              'policewoman in catching the crooks and finding her '
              'daughter.There are no over-the-top CGI stuff or overkill '
              'fights, but good old fashion detective work with a right '
              'balance of drama, humor, and action. And, there are some '
              'unpredictable and surprising moments as well, making this film '
              'that much more suspenseful. Great stuff here!Grade A',
 'tt4838316': 'I watched this computer generated animation film hoping to find '
              'something original and fresh, as I had heard that the Chinese '
              "people wasn't so happy to see their rich kung fu history made "
              'into an "overseas" comedy in the "Kung Fu Panda" franchise. I '
              'thought that it would be good to see how the Chinese would tell '
              "a kung fu story, then. Unfortunately, they didn't do it so well "
              'in this production.The story is confusing. The main character, '
              'despite not being a fighter, knows a hell lot of kung fu, '
              'apparently for no reason. How good, one could ask. Well enough '
              'to deliver a double Kame Hame Ha (see "Dragon Ball" anime '
              "series, just in case you don't know what that is) right on the "
              "beginning of the film (though not as devastating as Songoku's "
              'one, actually, the resulting effect is very "lame", a total '
              'waste of a "cool" hands imposition strike). Why such a powerful '
              'character needs to learn and train kung fu (if not for fighting '
              'exponentially power-enhancing aliens) is beyond reason. Lesser '
              'things, like sneakingly invading the "doujyou" (or whatever the '
              'training centre is called in Chinese) to ask the master to be '
              'trained becomes fully negligible under that story line.There '
              'are two twists at the end of the film, both are, again, "lame". '
              'The first is only possible because not a single character '
              'bothered to talk to anyone instead of attacking anything that '
              'moved (like, people see a man being attacked by a dog and '
              'immediately assume that the dog is mad and must be killed, '
              'never imagining that the dog could be just trying to protect a '
              'victim from the man, a murderous rapist - true story!) The '
              'second makes no sense at all, making all the heroes look '
              'useless to the whole plot (the villain should have listened to '
              'the Oompa Loompas, if he was not greedy, he would have gone '
              'farther).Clichés are used and abused, as are the plagiarisms. '
              'The Kame Hame Ha at the beginning was just a sample. When a '
              'close character dies, expect to see people sparkling and '
              'turning into "golden warriors" (yes, that much!), even if the '
              'dead character was completely useless to the plot (not to '
              'mention annoying), except, of course, for dying in the end (and '
              'although one could argue that they could have killed a more '
              'important character, after a short while, it becomes clear that '
              'they were all very useless, including the main character, as '
              'the fall of the villain is, ultimately, his fault alone). Every '
              'time someone tells a story, the film turns to a 2D animated '
              'feature, just like in "Kung Fu Panda", with exactly the same '
              'kind of cinematic direction, feel and look.The use of puns and '
              'gags in dramatic scenes is annoying (like the eyes rolling down '
              'to the sewer on "Minority Report"). The comic lines failed '
              'completely to extract even a smirk from me or from my family. '
              'At some point, we can stop worrying about the characters, '
              'because it becomes clear that nothing can kill them, any deadly '
              'strike is used as an excuse for a gag.The visuals are cheap, '
              "despite the good objects' designs (beautiful buildings and "
              'landscapes). All secondary characters look the same (all '
              'rabbits look the same, all tigers look the same and so on). The '
              'fighting sequences are short, unrealistic (even in a '
              '"cartoonish" way) and, too many times, leave a dejà vú of "Kung '
              'Fu Panda".After the ending, there is an "extra", an '
              'embarrassing musical with the characters dancing to a Chinese '
              'pop song...I can only recommend watching this film if you want '
              'a good reason to NEVER watch another Chinese animated '
              'production, at least, regarding kung fu.',
 'tt4838364': 'I happened to come across "Lovers & Movies" (aka "Ai wo jiu pei '
              'wo kan dian ying") by sheer random luck. But when I saw that '
              'Francis Ng and Simon Yam, two of the better actors of the Hong '
              'Kong cinema, were in the movie I stopped dead in my track and '
              'decided to sit down and watch it.And now having seen it, I sit '
              "with a somewhat bland taste in my mouth. This movie wasn't "
              "particularly outstanding. Don't get me wrong, I am not saying "
              'that it is a bad movie, not at all. It was just generic and '
              'mediocre.I think it was the story that was the fault of the '
              'mediocrity and the direction of director Chanyang Niu. The '
              'director had quite simply set out to tell too much in the movie '
              'and failed to deliver on every part. As such, the individual '
              'love stories ended up being half-hearted, and the characters '
              'were steamrolled by not having enough time on the screen and '
              'kept from having any character development.The entire cast did '
              'good jobs with their roles, despite being severely limited by '
              'the script and the director. Francis Ng, in particular, was the '
              'one who stood out from the rest of the cast. It seemed that '
              'Simon Yam was just running on autopilot throughout the entire '
              'movie, but of course he had limited material to work '
              'with."Lovers & Movies" is not the brightest moment of Chinese '
              'cinema history. But if you like Asian cinema, as I do, and you '
              'have nothing more important or pressing on the watch-list, take '
              'the hour and a half to watch it. If for nothing else, then for '
              "Francis Ng's performance.",
 'tt4838422': 'I know its very difficult to decline a favour in Chinese '
              'culture, and so we have to deal with a lot of movies where '
              'famous actors appear for a bit to help out the son of a cousin '
              'or the friend of the uncle or whatever, but i just dont '
              'understand why they dont hire somebody who checks and watches '
              'the movie before it gets published... this movie is a good '
              'example for the situation.. its soo painfully bad, although the '
              'beginning is ok, but the storyline just gets more and more '
              'ridicolous with every minute...',
 'tt4839424': 'Mentioning the quality of 3D modeling and plot only brings me '
              "cancer. The director reused models in Pixar's Cars and reused "
              "clips from the director's previous TV series for the exact same "
              'plot. There are only 5 characters in this film and only 2 '
              'settings - one wherever indoor and one cheaply-made exterior '
              'scene. Looking at the good side, in term of bringing people a '
              "sense of suffocation, yes, you've made it! I watched this "
              'animation film online - of course skipped a lot. In fact the '
              'reason I clicked the play button was due to its copycat poster '
              'and the misleading title. ("qiche REN zongdongyuan" instead of '
              'the Pixar Cars title Mandarin translation "saiche '
              'zongdongyuan")Seriously, anyone could conduct better plot than '
              'that, with the TEAM FORTRESS camera function.In the Chinese '
              'movie review site Douban, insiders shared speculations about '
              "this movie's profit center being not in the cinema, but in "
              "governmental subsidy for entertainment industry. I don't want "
              'to admit that this is true and bring disgrace for Chinese '
              'animation industry, but corruption within cinema chains is the '
              'only possible explanation. Never had a scandal been this '
              'ridiculous, but the director announced the production of its '
              'sequel nevertheless. Director, please stop bringing disgrace to '
              'your people.',
 'tt4851640': "A screening of Haofeng Xu's latest martial art picture, his "
              'fourth feature and the fresh winner of BEST ACTION CHOREOGRAPHY '
              'in 2015 Golden Horse Awards, Haofeng, the co-screenwriter of '
              "Kar Wai Wong's THE GRANDMASTER (2013), has already manifested "
              'his unique philosophy and choreography of wushu since his '
              'shoestring budget second film THE SWORD IDENTITY '
              "(2011).Although the follow-up JUDGE ARCHER (2012) still hasn't "
              'secured a release date in mainland China, THE MASTER '
              "undoubtedly is Haofeng's most ambitious and mainstream work to "
              'date, with a more bankable cast, lead by Liao as the master '
              'Chen, a southern master of Wing Chun, arrives in Tianjin during '
              'the beginning of 20th century, trying to open his own Kung-fu '
              'school, but there are certain rules he must obey in the '
              'flourishing martial art world, he marries Zhao (Jia Song), a '
              'sultry waitress in a posh restaurant and recruits a protégé Gen '
              '(Yang Song), whom he personally trains to be his stepping stone '
              'to astonish the local schools, which is firstly governed by '
              'Master Zhen (Jin), whom Chen makes a pact with to attain his '
              'goal. But soon he is usurped by the widow Ms. Zhou (Jiang), who '
              'burns with ambition and colludes with the warlord Lin (Huang), '
              'a former pupil of Zhen, together they vainly attempt to '
              'militarise all the Kung-fu schools, whereas Gen and Chen become '
              'the last stumbling blocks in their way.What genuinely makes '
              "Haofeng's style so distinctive? Visually speaking, it is his "
              'idiosyncratic close-combat motion, the fast-moving and '
              'rapidly-editing techniques which transform combat skills from '
              'being aesthetically elegant (i.e. oriental gravity-defying '
              'jumping and flying) to something embedded with ritualistic '
              'devotion and awesome mastery, which is unsparingly efficient '
              '(sometimes even minimal) and deceivingly realistic, also, a '
              'glut of ancient Chinese weapons can maximally pique interest '
              'from viewers. On the other hand, thematically speaking, THE '
              'MASTER evokes the connotations of "anti-Kung-fu world", a '
              'rather bleak take on the conservative and fickle '
              'characteristics of these so-called martial artists, their '
              'mercenary pursuit trumps the noble idea of passing the '
              "knowledge on to their successors, Chen and Gen's master- "
              "and-apprentice relation is hinged solely on the former's "
              'personal interest, and the latter is a pawn whom he can desert '
              'without blinking his eyes, more complicated is his marriage '
              'with Zhao, and his rapport with Zhen, there is something pretty '
              "dark in Chen's motive to earn his name, yet the villainess Zhou "
              'can outsmart him in every step, for her self-seeking purpose '
              'though, only one misstep (one cannot overthrow all the formulae '
              'of a well-established genre), there is no one in her team can '
              'beat master Chen.As a Kung-fu film, THE MASTER has a '
              'surprisingly low body count (only 2 major characters die in the '
              'film), killing becomes inhuman and utterly unnecessary when '
              'paralysing your opponents is sufficient enough to soldier on '
              'relentlessly. With an unhurried open ending, the story is far '
              'from taking its curtain call while a subsequent cat-and-mouse '
              'game is shaping up, Haofeng shows his confidence of a sure-fire '
              'sequel in the future. The cast is a shade uneven while veteran '
              'players Liao, Jin and Jiang all shine with impressive '
              'presences. Still, sometimes the dialogues need a bit more '
              'fine-tuning to sound believable under certain contexts, '
              'however, one sure thing is that Haofeng Xu has stoutly emerged '
              'as one of the most aspiring director radiant with an auteurist '
              'flair presently, in the traditional Chinese Kung-fu territory, '
              'who is worthy of the admiration from a much larger scale of '
              'spectators!',
 'tt4862468': 'Sometimes it is unwise to keep adding additional movies to an '
              'already established movie franchise, and "A Chinese Odyssey: '
              'Part Three" was one of those incidents. Where as the previous '
              'movies were quite entertaining and interesting, this third '
              'movie completely failed to deliver where it mattered.The '
              'storyline in "A Chinese Odyssey: Part Three" was, and I am '
              'being bluntly honest here, a scrambled and confusing mess of '
              'whatever writer Jeffrey Lau was attempting to do with the '
              "storyline. It was non-coherent and just didn't make much of any "
              'kind of sense. It was this jumble of a storyline that '
              'ultimately brought the movie down beneath mediocrity, and it '
              'never recovered from this massive blow.I initially sat down to '
              'watch "A Chinese Odyssey: Part Three" because of the previous '
              'movies, but also because Karen Mok starred in it. But not even '
              'she lifted up the movie as she was also struggling hard with '
              'the lack of coherent script and almost non-existing '
              'storyline.The action in the movie was adequate and nicely '
              'enough choreographed, but it was hardly enough to sustain a '
              'whole movie with action sequences alone.It should be said that '
              'the costumes and sets were quite nice, and were as to be '
              'expected of a movie of this particular genre. So that was at '
              'least working in favor of the movie."A Chinese Odyssey: Part '
              'Three" is the black sheep of the family; the movie that never '
              'should have been made.As much as I enjoy the Asian cinema, then '
              '"A Chinese Odyssey: Part Three" was a bitter pill to swallow, '
              'and it offered next to nothing in terms of entertainment value, '
              'especially in comparison to its predecessors.',
 'tt4881302': 'Even in a ridiculous plot that looks like Mexican soap opera, '
              'there is a scene that shows that Danny Pang has not lost the '
              'ability to create good moments of tension with ghosts, but '
              "unfortunately it is just one scene. The film's development is "
              "cliché and the twist is not surprising at all, it's the same as "
              "a film by his brother Oxide Pang (Diary). It's not sooo bad, "
              "but it's just a average movie.",
 'tt4885784': 'I do enjoy Asian cinema quite a lot, and I especially enjoy the '
              "Hong Kong cinema in particular. But I hadn't heard about "
              '"Paris Holiday" prior to stumbling upon it by sheer random '
              'luck. But as it is a Hong Kong movie I just had to watch it, of '
              'course.And the fact that Louis Koo and Alex Fong were starring '
              "in the movie didn't exactly discourage me from sitting down to "
              'watch it neither.While "Paris Holiday" has a good enough '
              'storyline, then it just never manage to raise itself above '
              'mediocrity. Why? Well, because of the characters in the movie. '
              'The character were just too rigid and stereotypical, and their '
              'actions and choices just seemed to be too far out there at '
              "times, which didn't really add much of realism to the "
              'movie.Now, I am not familiar with Amber Kuo from other movies, '
              'at least not that I can remember. But she really did a great '
              'job in "Paris Holiday", and she was perhaps the one who carried '
              'the most of the movie with her performance."Paris Holiday" is a '
              'standard run-of-the-mill romantic comedy, and it might as well '
              'have been set in Hong Kong instead of Paris and the outcome '
              'would have been exactly the same.There are far better romantic '
              'comedies on the Hong Kong market, and "Paris Holiday" just '
              'failed to stand out among those. As such, it was a mediocre '
              'movie experience. Sure, it is worth giving a watch, but it is '
              'hardly a movie that you will return to a second time around.',
 'tt4885916': 'This is not a bad little story. However, the animation is '
              'extremely poor and when you couple that with bad voice overs it '
              "makes for a bad movie. I know it's a kids movie but even my "
              'young grandchildren realise it is not very well presented',
 'tt4892556': "The subtitles are so bad that I couldn't understand anything "
              'that was going on such a shame',
 'tt4892714': 'One of the rules of narrative is that the conflict must be '
              'believable, and it is not here. The only good thing about the '
              'plot is that Su Xingyu genuinely, unconditionally loves Tian; '
              'no matter what trumped up reasons for her behavior she suddenly '
              'and stupidly comes up with, he loves her. His love is sweet, '
              'gentle, passionate, and complete-without reservation. It is the '
              'kind of love so rare that apparently the writer and production '
              'team never even realized it is the real story: they missed it '
              'completely. Because, if you DO love that person in return, that '
              'kind of love is something you never ever turn away from with '
              'some asinine, manufactured reasons of your own or someone else. '
              'Never. Not realizing that is the fatal flaw of this failed '
              'narrative.',
 'tt4898598': 'Ulterior Motive is a fun action/mystery Chinese movie that goes '
              'easy on the eye, is fast paced, and is more than a little '
              'overstuffed.We have here some of the '
              'I-think-I-have-seen-you-a-hundred-times- before faces of the '
              'Hong Kong or Chinese movie industry: Simon Yam, Gordon Lam, '
              'Archie Kao... in a quite simple, but we are going to make it '
              'complicated, plot:The husband and daughter of Ye Shuang (Qin '
              'Lan), the daughter of very very rich man Ye Cheng (Simon Yam), '
              'are kidnapped, and the police put Yao Jie (Gordon Lam) to the '
              'case. Is it simple, right? Well, for starters, monsieur Yao Jie '
              'is the ex-boyfriend of Ye Shuang, and they broke up before he '
              'went to America to study. And the kidnapping case seems related '
              'to a case that happened more than twenty years ago, and... '
              'Well, this is just the start of surprise after surprise after '
              'surprise, till you will be wondering what was all about.Luckily '
              'for us Arthur Wong does a nice job of keeping everything more '
              "or less clear, so we won't get lost in all the information that "
              'is condensed in the hour and a half that the movies lasts. '
              'Sometimes the action, or some moments are done in a little '
              'heavy-handed way (unnecessary slow motions, for example), but '
              'in general the action is pretty nicely directed. The actors do '
              'a nice job, with the always reliable Simon Yam keeping it toned '
              "down this time, maybe so we can enjoy Gordon Lam's eyebrows "
              'movements, as he hams it up a little bit.The plot, as I said '
              'before, is convoluted, and in the end, there are a couple too '
              'many twists, which may make some viewers lost interest, as it '
              'is more than possible than someone will raise their hands to '
              "heaven and say: really?With all of this, maybe I shouldn't have "
              'enjoyed it as much as I did, especially because the '
              'incongruities pile on each other, but between the '
              'cinematography, the actors good work and the steady hand of its '
              'director, Ulterior Motive ends up being harmless fun.',
 'tt4899056': 'A very weird twist to Snow White and the only problem is the '
              'animation and mouth movement. But the story is quite worth '
              'hearing. Truth, yo.',
 'tt4901304': 'This film takes us to a number of gasp-worthy and infrequently '
              'filmed places--deep into a mine and into a steel mill where '
              'workers sling around white-hot molten metal. The technical '
              'quality of the images is extraordinary, heightening the impact. '
              'After seeing the effects of these industries on the '
              'environment, we then see footage of the effects on people who '
              'work there. The only narration is adapted from Dante\'s "The '
              'Divine Comedy." That was a brilliant idea, letting the visuals '
              'essentially speak for themselves.',
 'tt4903518': 'This movie is so funny and romantic at the same time , I '
              'enjoyed every minute of it.',
 'tt4915672': 'Take a bevy of actors and give them an awful script with '
              'risible dialogue and you get this...a small group overacting '
              "and running around an old Star Trek set. Stef Dawson's "
              "character 'Milly Piper' could've died after she first open her "
              "mouth as far as I'm concerned, she's THAT bad. The quest to "
              "find a lost brother is their aim, except for Kelsey Grammer's "
              'Mason who is really trying to track down the elixir of '
              'life...bwah ha haaaa (twirls imaginary moustache). The main '
              'threat to their journey is hundreds upon hundreds of deadly '
              'spiders who appear to be made of black shiny leather and can '
              'hiss and squeak...Yes, you read that right...hiss and squeak.\n'
              'By all means, watch this, suspend all disbelief, let the film '
              "wash over you and drown in its ridiculousness. It's a real "
              'hoot, soon to be considered a classic amongst godawful movies '
              'that you can say "Yes...I sat through that film and survived." '
              'Now go and enjoy!',
 'tt4940416': 'Most often, the sudden appearance of a child radically changes '
              'the habitual way of life, forcing a new look at the world. On '
              'our movie screens, the premiere of the animated film entitled '
              '"Papa-Mama Goose" was started, from director Chris Jenkins. '
              'Lovers of cartoons, he is already well known for such works as '
              '"House" and "Catch the wave!".In the lead roles took part such '
              'celebrities as: Lance Lim, Zendey, Jim Geffigan and Greg Prups '
              '(in the role of an unmatched cat Banzu). When translating into '
              'Russian, our stars also distinguished themselves. The main '
              'roles were performed by Polina Gagarina, Sergey Garmash and '
              'Natan.A young self-confident goose bachelor named Pam is an '
              'absolutely free bird, does what he wants, completely '
              'disregarding the rules of his pack. During the general '
              'preparation for the flight to the south, Pam, boasting with his '
              'tricks, breaks the wing. After which he is forced to fly with '
              'the children. One awkward movement of his wing and from the '
              'flock are separated two small ducklings. Now he faces two '
              'tasks: to heal the sick wing in order to continue the flight '
              'and return the kids to their parents.The picture of the film is '
              'simply excellent: the outlines are clear, the colors are '
              'bright. The plot is very exciting, it makes the main character '
              'sympathize. His selfishly philistine character at the end of '
              'the picture reveals itself, filling with notes of caring and '
              "love for one's neighbor.Plus the cartoon is filled with a huge "
              'amount of humor and self-irony. In its atmosphere the cartoon '
              'is very similar to the famous "Shrek". All these qualities '
              'suggest that "Papa-Mama Goose" is aimed at a wide audience of '
              'spectators. Watch this cartoon will be interesting to all fans '
              'of animation, adventure and family stories.I wish you pleasant '
              'viewing!',
 'tt4957446': 'Saw this at the Rotterdam film festival (IFFR) 2016. The '
              'description of the movie was not very welcoming, so I looked '
              'for a seat next to the door so that I could sneak out when '
              'loosing interest. But I was fully mistaken in my prejudice, and '
              'sat out the almost-two-hours running time without a problem. '
              'The pilgrimage tour is a daunting undertaking indeed, to leave '
              'home, family, relatives, and the village where you lived all '
              'your life, for a journey that spans nearly a full year and '
              'covers 1,200 miles on foot. We see the changes in seasons and '
              'landscapes every now and then, implicitly demonstrating the '
              'distance and time span.The extraordinary way the pilgrims are '
              'moving forward, by throwing themselves to the ground every 7 or '
              '8 steps, may be something that we find peculiar, or an '
              'excessive form of devotion at best. But my Roman Catholic '
              'background helps me a bit in understanding this, in spite of '
              'never having participated in any of such rituals myself. I know '
              'of several relatives having undertaken a pilgrimage to e.g. '
              'Lourdes, Kevelaer or Santiago de Compostela, to name just a few '
              'well known destinations in Europe. The underlying '
              'No-Pain-No-Gain philosophy is fundamental to the Roman Catholic '
              'religion. It can be serving as penitence for past sins, or '
              'praying to recover from an illness, or asking for anything else '
              'wanted very badly. Undertaking the journey on foot was known to '
              'earn much more "bonus points" than using a modern transport '
              'vehicle. Though no Catholics are involved in this movie, the '
              'basic principles look similar. We even see them going back and '
              're-doing part of the trip on foot, after the tractor that '
              'carried their luggage broke, and they got a lift to a town '
              'nearby for repair.Apart from the obvious religious reasons for '
              'such a journey, as mentioned by one of the pilgrims as his '
              'reason to go along, it offers an acceptable way to see other '
              'parts of the world, broadening their horizon after having lived '
              'within the village they never left. The latter is something '
              'that I recognize from past reasoning of family members after '
              'announcing a pilgrimage to e.g. Lourdes. Going on a holiday '
              'abroad may be common nowadays and no exception when done '
              'yearly, yet it was very unusual at the time, at least for '
              'working class people.The heartwarming aspect of the journey '
              'grew on us gradually. The pilgrims are welcomed by people they '
              'see underway, usually to be invited to join their meal or to '
              'use their house for the night. Conversely, they invite others '
              'to join them in their tent when the weather is deemed too cold, '
              'or they assist people working on the land when those '
              'demonstrate hospitality and ask them in to stay the night. The '
              'implicit reciprocity and willingness to help other people, even '
              'completely unknowns, leaves a warm impression on us viewers, at '
              'least it worked on me. Nowadays this is not a matter of course '
              'anymore, as growing mistrust between people stands in the way '
              'of such social behavior. I left the theater with warm feelings '
              'and gave the highest possible marks for the audience award. '
              'Many agreed with me: I learned afterwards that this movie got a '
              'very high place (4th, out of 178) with average score 4.568 (out '
              'of 5).',
 'tt4960242': "If you take the next right turn, you'll avoid running into "
              'Nicholas Sparks, the schlockmeister of many teary romantic '
              'novels made into films. In the Chinese Finding Mr. Right 2, you '
              'are driving straight ahead into a fine non-Sparks romance that '
              'feels just about right even if you shed a few honest tears. '
              'Beginning with a shared novel, 84, Charing Cross Road, a '
              'relatively Chinese man and woman write to each other by sending '
              'to the Charing Cross address.That novel, written in 1970 by '
              'Helene Hanff about her twenty-year correspondence with book '
              'buyer Frank Doel at Marks & Co., is enough of a prep for the '
              'long-distance of the two Chinese principals. A whole load of '
              'misfortune comes the way of the couple, sometimes depicted in '
              'almost magic realism but real nonetheless. The actors do a '
              'remarkable job endearing us to the characters but letting us '
              'see their flaws all the same.Jiao (Wei Tang), a hostess in a '
              'Macau casino, and Daniel (Xiubo Wu), a Los Angeles real estate '
              'agent, strike up a correspondence, the former claiming to be '
              "from London's posh West End and the latter a west-coast "
              "professor. While this looks like we're driving straight into "
              'Sparksville, we actually are exploring the insides of these two '
              "emotionally-challenged heroes.And that's what I like about this "
              'romance: It feels real because there are many emotional '
              'failures, she, for example, with an older wealthy man, and he, '
              'well, considers himself like a cactus, wounding those who get '
              'too close. Although they have never met, they express feelings '
              'in the letters that provide the groundwork for better '
              'relationships all around.Although the main story looks like a '
              'promotion of long-distance relationships, it actually is '
              'well-constructed promotion of the need to go out to find love, '
              "and more importantly, self fulfillment through love's many "
              "forms, even if it can't be consummated or even experienced in a "
              'real way.Gambling serves as a motif for her taking chances on '
              'finding true love and for him breaking away from easy client '
              'marks to return to home and the heart. While she has varying '
              'luck with actual gambling, he is less ready to gamble his '
              'comforts. Although having them miss each other while they '
              'search is a cheap dramatic device, the story has been rooted in '
              'an address that eventually must be faced. Having visited a '
              'couple of bookstores in the West End of London, I can vouch for '
              'their claustrophobic room and the accompanying intimacy with '
              'your fellow humans, not a bad idea given that they are probably '
              'brighter than usual.Do the correspondents ever meet up? Well, '
              'in Sparks they would, and one of them might die. Although such '
              'claptrap is not the stuff of this romance, you will not know '
              "the answer to my question until the final scenes. I'm happy "
              "with that turn of events because it hasn't been easy for the "
              "two, as it usually isn't for people who love passionately or "
              'are passionately in love with the idea of love.The real '
              "bookstore in London now houses a McDonalds. How's that for "
              'romance?',
 'tt4970038': 'Look, its not perfect, and no doubt like everyone else you '
              'probably hurt from laughing when you saw the trailer while '
              "searching for Sammo Hung's film of the same name..?Fear not "
              'though! What The Bodyguard (or Super Bodyguard as some '
              'countries are calling it) offers is a very welcome return to '
              'the golden age of Hong Kong cinema with newcomer, director and '
              'star, Yue Song proving to be a martial arts action hero to keep '
              "an eye on.Story line and the technical side of the film won't "
              'win any awards anytime soon, with a predictable tale and odd '
              'editing choices, but from the get go The Bodyguard makes you '
              'sit up and take notice with its impressive hard hitting, stunt '
              'filled fight sequences!Mostly showcasing the real skills of the '
              'actors, we get the odd spat of wire work to enhance (what we '
              "soon find out) their kung fu powers but it doesn't take away "
              'from the excitement on screen at all.The stunt work looks '
              'painful and amazing, and often reminded me of the Tiger Cage '
              "movies, with fight choreography much like that of Donnie Yen's "
              'work today.The always impressive Xing Yu (Wrath of Vajra, '
              'Shaolin, Dragon Tiger Gate) gets to let lose more than a few '
              'time which is great also!Yue Song may take a while before being '
              'accepted as a HK action star A-lister, but with The Bodyguard, '
              'I feel he has channeled the power of Jackie Chan, Donnie Yen '
              'and Tony Jaa in his role and completely delivers 100%. Hell, he '
              'does more of his own stuff in this film than Jet Li has done in '
              'all of his...Again, not perfect as a film, but highly '
              'recommended if you are a martial arts or action movie fan!',
 'tt4979652': 'At first I was not going to give this film much hope based on '
              'the opening scene of the police officer taking her younger '
              'brother off stage during a performance. The two of them behaved '
              'like delinquets resulting in a car crash, leaving him dead and '
              'her blind. The film does an excellent job of portraying how it '
              'is to be blind. The suspense starts with her mistaking a '
              'vehicle for a taxi driven by one nefarious character portrayed '
              'by Zhu Yawen.Along with Lu Xiaoxing (Yang Mi) and Captain Lu '
              '(Wang Jingchan) I too thought it was a taxi which led to '
              'misguided searches until a rollerskater got involved in the '
              'mystery. At first his testimony was not taken seriously adding '
              'to the tension as the Tang Zheng character kept up his stocking '
              'the blind Ms. Xiaoxing and then pursuing the youthful Lin '
              'Chong. There are lots of opportunity for tension as the evil '
              'Tang Zhen is thwarted time and again but he still persists. The '
              'acting, cinematography, editing and music all contribute to the '
              'suspense keeping me engaged in the movie and its outcome.',
 'tt4986830': 'This movie is totally a waste of money for both its investors '
              'and viewers. The director is also the writer, the hero and the '
              'narrator, with his poor talent. The movie starts with a long '
              'and nonsense narration, and was filled with a bunch of stories '
              'which have no connections at all. The actors and actresses are '
              'young but trying their best to cover the unbelievable paleness '
              "of the story, but it doesn't work. I strongly suggest that the "
              'director should turn to some other industries as soon as '
              'possible.',
 'tt5011290': 'If you watch this movie, or any movie. with the intent to '
              'critique it, you might be disappointed. But real movie watchers '
              "don't care about perfect acting and directing. We don't look "
              'for flaws in films. We want to be entertained and we want to '
              'feel emotions. This movie made me feel what they were feeling. '
              'It made me live what they were living. It made me remember '
              'those same feelings they expressed at that time in my life. My '
              "wife got me into watching these Chinese movies, and I'm so glad "
              'she did. I have discovered a world of cinema that I never knew '
              'existed, because we never saw these in America until Smart TV '
              'opened a streaming world to us. This film has the conflicts, '
              'the natural life disasters, the urges that drive our love '
              "lives. I'm a former U.S. Army combat engineer during the Gulf "
              'War and this film actually made me come to tears a couple '
              "times. If you don't feel the emotions in this film, it means "
              'you are repressing your emotions. Or it means you have never '
              "experienced that type of love and you can't relate to this love "
              "story, and that's sad. I must admit that I was disappointed by "
              'the open ending, until I saw online that the revised ending had '
              'been released in China and I saw that they did end up together. '
              'At first I was like, OH NO, not another House of Flying Daggers '
              'type ending. In America we see so much tragedy in our daily '
              'lives that we love, we need, movies that have happy endings. A '
              'romance like this has to have a happy ending or it breaks our '
              'hearts. This love story, even the extended friend story, begs '
              'for a sequel. I have waited since 11 years old to see all 9 '
              'Star Wars movies. I will live another 800 years waiting for '
              'this sequel. I have to see them reprise these roles and finish '
              'this story. Maybe after she finishes filming the Live Action '
              'Mulan reboot. We all want to see their wedding. Bottom line? '
              "Don't listen to critics. Watch this movie and enjoy it like I "
              'did.',
 'tt5033038': 'Youth Never Returns is a rather straightforward coming of age '
              'story chronicling the Chinese college experience. For those who '
              'have never lived in China and may be unaware, many college '
              'friendships last a lifetime. Because of the one child policy in '
              'China, many college students learn to live with a roommate for '
              'the first time in college, and consequently, the relationships '
              'become close friendships.This particular film does a slightly '
              'above average job of setting the mood for first love, lost '
              'love, and the fleeting nature of youth. Comparable films from '
              'Hollywood would include The Big Chill and sex comedies like '
              "American Pie. Needless to say, there's nothing here worthy of "
              'an Oscar but as far as Chinese dramedies go, this is a pretty '
              'good one.',
 'tt5036516': 'I like the premise of the movie about these girls who move into '
              'their college dormitory which seems sketchy and supposedly '
              'haunted. Then strange things started happening which led to a '
              'student committing suicide. I also like how it takes place in '
              "the 1930s, it has the aesthetics of that era. There's a couple "
              'of plot twists which was deeper than I thought for this movie. '
              'But the downside is that some of the acting seems wooden and '
              "forced. Like there's this creepy professor and right off the "
              'bat I had a bad feeling about him. The first half was kind of '
              'boring. Some scenes felt like it was from a porno and that was '
              "like the director's fantasy or something.",
 'tt5057982': 'An easy movie to watch, with, at times, truly breathtaking '
              'shots, giving this movie a sort of art-house feel to it."Di san '
              'zhong ai qing" is about the bitter sweet love story between '
              'wealthy business man Lin Qizheng and intelligent lawyer Zou '
              'Yu.Sweet because of her initial resistance against his '
              'flirtations and the passion and love so sweetly depicted when '
              'she finally gives in.Bitter because of the certain aspects in '
              'both of their backgrounds that seemingly make their love affair '
              'doomed from the start: Zou Yu lives with her chronically '
              'depressed sister, who works for Lin and has a unrequited crush '
              'on him, leading to her attempting to take her own life; Lin '
              "Qizheng on the other hand is so absorbed in his father's "
              'company that when his elder brother launders an incredible '
              'amount of money, his father sees no other solution than to '
              'marry him off to the daughter of his longtime friend - who in '
              'turn has no objection to the plan, in fact, she has been '
              "waiting for it for years.I'm sure the love story between this "
              "movie's two main stars (who are dating in real life) is a "
              'happier one.',
 'tt5061814': 'Teng Shen is an undignified man who lives an unhappy life with '
              'his wife. He is given another shot at his life; after he blacks '
              "out, getting drunk at his old crush's wedding. He wakes up in "
              'his old classroom back in his high-school days. Yes he goes '
              'back in time! Not a sci-fi by any means, but a good romantic '
              'comedy. The film is a fun ride of quick humour and good music. '
              'The script is well written and the characters well enacted. I '
              'was into the film from first to last, not a second of boredom! '
              'A feel-good movie worth your time. It does offer a powerful '
              "hidden-morale but that's for you to find out.Enjoy!!",
 'tt5069450': 'This is a slowly-woven story about outsiders in a small Chinese '
              'village. People there, as everywhere, are all trying to live '
              'their lives. Without giving too much away, the main focus of '
              "this story is a young boy who is somewhat an outcast; he's the "
              "target of bullying, both because he's an easy scapegoat and "
              'because he tries to take shortcuts in life to avoid trouble and '
              'to fulfill his desire to watch movies. His unlikely friend is a '
              'middle-age man who acts as a body-collector or mortician for '
              'the small village, a lonely man who spends much of his days '
              "with dead bodies. The boy's careless exploitation of his "
              'neighbor ends tragically and meaninglessly.The actors are '
              'believable, and the story solid. The pacing is a bit slower '
              "than I'm used to, but despite my thought to fast-forward "
              "through some of the slower moments, I didn't, because there was "
              "meaning in the characters' contemplation. The slow moments, "
              "too, are fairly infrequent.The signs of Mao's Cultural "
              'Revolution are everywhere, as well as a sense of traditional '
              'honor strong enough to brook no violation, intentional or '
              'unintentional, as violator or victim. The mindset of the '
              "villagers, the way they treat those who don't fit in, is novel "
              'to my way of thinking. It was educational, and disheartening.',
 'tt5080208': "I don't know what the title has to do exactly with the movie "
              'but it was quite interesting, slow but interesting. The acting '
              'was not bad, and the script ok it could be better but overall '
              'not that bad.Two couples go to a house and I think all four of '
              'them has something to do with the movie business. The two girls '
              'are actresses and are getting prepared for their movies. The '
              'house they rented to leave in for a couple of weeks, are being '
              'told that it has dark secrets that want to come out. As the '
              'days pass one of the girls is starting to change. She seems to '
              'be possessed by a sinister presence. Stay tuned to the end to '
              'find out what is going on and what is this presence really '
              'looking for!Enjoy!',
 'tt5093098': "Everyone has own opinions and I'm not a director or producer.\n"
              'What I have to say, is that, I enjoyed it.',
 'tt5157018': 'I watched this for Son Ye Jin - most of her movies are good. '
              'Very surprisingly, this movie was enjoyable and funny from '
              'start to finish. And not in a slapstick or painful way. This '
              'humor was surprising and fit into the story well. Liked the '
              'tone throughout. Set in Jeju Island this crime story shows '
              'Chinese tourists and a teacher caught up in a murder crime '
              'puzzle when they rescue the a woman from an accident. Son Ye '
              'Jin has good chemistry with her Taiwanese co star Chen '
              'Bolin.Worth watching.',
 'tt5187548': 'The Precipice Game falls under a horror sub-genre that I like, '
              'namely people being thrown into a dangerous situation such as a '
              'game. Other movies that tick this box would be the likes of SAW '
              "(2004), Circle (2015) and The Human Race (2013).It's not that "
              'simple however here and this Chinese made horror is not what it '
              'first appears to be. I do however mean that in a good way, '
              'mostly.It tells the story of 6 people who get onto a cruise '
              'liner to participate in a treasure hunt with a million prize! '
              'The whole thing turns sour though after they witness and death '
              'and find themselves fighting for their lives.If you can get '
              'past the awful dub the Precipice Game is actually watchable '
              'stuff. Sure it takes some influence from other films (Okay a '
              "LOT of influence) but it has it's own identity.When the ending "
              'is delivered however I can imagine viewers being very split on '
              'whether it makes or breaks the film. For me I liked it, but it '
              "couldn't make up for the movies flaws.In places it looks very "
              'cheap, the handling of the concept could have been better and '
              "the cast? I'm not convinced. However my head is still spinning "
              'regarding their ages, the main ones all look in their early '
              "20's but are in fact 40+. Whatever they're putting in the water "
              'in China these days, I want some.Watchable stuff but few '
              'surprises.The Good:Interesting conceptGreat settingThe '
              "Bad:Concept isn't utilized very wellAwful dub",
 'tt5187816': 'He Chen is a motorcycle racer. Because the sport is in abeyance '
              "in Shanghai, he's earning a living at Super Express as their "
              'fastest courier. He wants to get married to Yuan Li, but her '
              'mother looks down on hm. She will consent to their marriage if '
              'he turns up with a big enough diamond ring. While delivering a '
              'package, he gets caught up in an attempt by Ji-Hyo Song to '
              "recover a stolen cat statue for her museum in Marseilles.It's "
              'an action comedy with a definite Jackie Chan air to it. '
              'However, while Chan would have choreographed the action '
              'sequences for real time and continuity, that can be hard on the '
              'performers, so the method used it fast editing and CGI. Even '
              "so, it's quite amusing, and things move so fast that it's "
              "impossible to form any objection to one sequence before it's "
              'over and the next bit of high-speed insanity is being '
              'performed.',
 'tt5190872': 'A OK-OK film in my opinion. Not a super-hit (Mind you, Indian '
              'Cinema watchers value Story very much, and Glam is not a '
              'substitute) but definitely a film worth watching. The good '
              "points were: Casting, classic character buildup, you can't go "
              'wrong there. Legal and Neutral Business Ideology (Not Pacifist, '
              'But not Evil either) Presents the Hard Fact of "bogus degrees" '
              'clearly .. (go superman!)No Sex, Alcohol or Drug reference (for '
              "a change!) Happy Ending (who doesn't like a happy ending?)The "
              'bad: The Ending for the Professor is bland, more could have '
              'been done, like he got new students. The Ending for the '
              "Glam-type lead was so-so, didn't see more than a couple of "
              'sparks going of between here and the biker guy. Better '
              'Chemistry needed. No competitors shown! (Is this business?) No '
              'Business Tactics or Growing Stage (Poof!? VC puts money => and '
              "your company is successful?) The Villain doesn't get any hurt "
              '.. boohoo!Most of the times it looked like a Korean Glam '
              'Movie.. but it barely manages to put a smile on your face '
              'towards the end. So okay.. you pass!(Walks in to the sunset)',
 'tt5237980': "From Chow Yun Fat's Ko Chun to Andy Lau's Michael Chan to Chow "
              "Yun Fat's more recent Ken Shek, three generations of gambling "
              "legends unite in the third instalment of Wong Jing's 'From "
              "Vegas to Macau' franchise; and how perfectly apt really, since "
              'it was from the prolific mind of Wong Jing that these iconic '
              'characters of Hong Kong cinema were hatched and etched into the '
              'public consciousness. Yet, as befitting as it may be for him to '
              'be at the helm of this reunion party, it is also ironically the '
              'reason why we are quite so utterly disappointed at this lazily '
              'scripted, messily directed piece of overblown, over-the-top '
              'nonsense which Wong Jing is passing off as a fun Lunar New Year '
              'caper.Not that the previous two chapters, which saw Chow '
              'Yun-Fat portray Ken as a playful and even zany riff on his '
              "1980s 'God of Gamblers' character, were classics; yet imperfect "
              "and at least mildly shambling as they were, 'From Vegas to "
              "Macau' and 'From Vegas to Macau 2' were a boisterous mix of "
              "kinetic action and goofy humour buoyed by Chow's effortless "
              'screen charm. That charisma is sorely lacking in this bloated '
              "follow-up – given how Ken is joined not only by Nick Cheung's "
              "former D.O.A. accountant Mark, but also his master Ko Chun's "
              "disciple Michael (Lau), Michael's no-nonsense partner Kitty (Li "
              'Yuchun), a new nemesis named J.C. (Jacky Cheung) and last but '
              'not least a female equivalent to his male robo-butler named '
              'Skinny that the latter unsurprisingly takes a romantic interest '
              'in.Continuing on the downward trajectory set by its immediate '
              'predecessor from the original, the sorry excuse of a plot that '
              'picks up from the events of the former has the love-crazed J.C. '
              'plotting to exact revenge on Ken for leaving Molly (Carina Lau) '
              'in her current comatose state. So J.C. detonates a bomb in the '
              "form of a robot designed to look like Michael at Ken's "
              "daughter's wedding (Kimmy Tong), and sets Ken and Nick up to "
              'look like they stole the US$15 million they recovered from '
              "Molly's international criminal organisation D.O.A. in the last "
              'instalment. Thanks to Michael and Kitty, Ken and Nick manage to '
              'break out of a high-security prison in Hong Kong, where they '
              "seek refuge in Michael's home in Singapore before going to a "
              'fictional island named Paradise Island in Thailand to confront '
              "J.C.To nitpick at Wong Jing's script for his story is perhaps "
              'missing the point; after all, Wong Jing makes no attempt to '
              'disguise that it exists merely as narrative glue to connect '
              'standalone gags to action-heavy set-pieces. Yet even more than '
              'the last sequel, this one presumes audience goodwill in '
              'overlooking the gaping holes and lapses of logic in its '
              'plotting.Unfortunately, there is little quid pro quo in our '
              'willingness to suspend disbelief. Compared to the previous '
              'instalments, there are a grand total of three gags that work '
              'here – the first which has Ken lead his fellow inmates on a '
              "sing-along of the classic 'Prison on Fire' song 'The Light of "
              "Friendship' (友誼之光) at the prison where no less than the song's "
              'Macanese singer and songwriter Maria Cordero is the warden; the '
              'second which has a traumatised Ken regard himself as Zhang Wuji '
              "and his friends as other 'Jin Yong' characters after watching a "
              "classic adaptation of 'The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber'; and "
              'the last which sees Michael and Kitty play a game of mahjong '
              "with Yuen Qiu and Lo Hoi Pang to the tune of Sam Hui's classic "
              "'The Mahjong Heroes' (or '打雀英雄傳').As much as we love to see "
              'Chow Yun-Fat, Andy Lau and Nick Cheung clowning around with '
              'each other, the rest of the gags are tired, forced and '
              "uninspired, so much so that the middle act set in Michael's "
              'house passes by like a slog. Only the surprise appearance by '
              "Law Kar-Ying as an ammo expert by the name of 'Only Yu' (you "
              "either get the joke or you don't) enlivens the proceedings, "
              'though after that initial tongue-in-cheek name-play, Wong Jing '
              "can't even seem to follow through with anything "
              "amusing.Seemingly aware of his audience's tedium, co-director "
              'Andrew Lau over-compensates in the last act with an excess of '
              'gunfire, pyrotechnics and CGI. Instead of actual locations, Lau '
              "has opted to build a number of grand sets to make up J.C's "
              'elaborate underground lair, most of which he then proceeds to '
              'blow up in slo-mo theatrical fashion after equally dramatic '
              'shoot-outs. Still, the action hardly excites, and is often over '
              'in a blur. The only two sequences which leave an impression – '
              'but for the wrong reasons – are a completely gratuitous one '
              "where Lau unleashes his 'Michael Bay' ambitions by letting "
              'Robot Stupid and Robot Skinny take on four evil robots in '
              "'Transformers' fashion before Nick Cheung turns into 'Iron Man' "
              'to finish them off, and a totally cringe-worthy showdown '
              "between Ken and J.C. in the latter's (literally) highly charged "
              "laboratory where Jacky Cheung gets to show off his best 'Harry "
              "Potter' wand-waving impersonation before Carina Lau "
              'miraculously emerges from her coma to end everything off on yet '
              'another melodramatic note.Despite the high-profile additions of '
              "Andy Lau and Jacky Cheung, 'From Vegas to Macau 3' is easily "
              'the weakest entry of the series, no thanks to a shambolic plot, '
              'imbecilic gags, and incoherent action. What fun we had watching '
              'Chow Yun-Fat reprise his role as Ko Chun and his hyperactive '
              'doppelganger Ken is sorely watered down here, as Wong Jing '
              'spreads his time amongst the other key players and even plays '
              'down his role. Instead of honouring the legacy of his past '
              'screen creations, Wong Jing does them an absolute disservice '
              'and even disgrace by bringing them together without meaning or '
              'motivation. There is only so much nostalgia can get you, and it '
              'is too easy to recognise all that star-power as bluff.',
 'tt5243900': 'To be honest, I watched this movie because of Lee Min Ho but '
              "I'm not either satisfied or disappointed. The storyline isn't "
              'that much appealing to draw viewers attention however,I watched '
              'the whole movie. But feel like most the ideas were taken from '
              'Hollywood.',
 'tt5246410': 'Wild Desert has enough ingredients to be a cool enough action '
              'movie. A group of seven friends decide to cross the desert of '
              'Gobi by bike, and end up in a big mess when in the middle of '
              'the trip, they cross their paths with some bad guys that are '
              'doing some bad stuff in the middle of nowhere.Action movies, '
              "even very good ones, don't need a PhD in the plot department to "
              'be a fun time. You can have people just running around from one '
              'place to the other if you have good enough action, cool '
              'characters, some funny lines... There are endless '
              'possibilities.So a group of friends getting mixed up with bad '
              'guys in a deserted place seems like a good enough idea. Sadly, '
              'the movie lacks in every department and becomes a bore even if '
              'it is just a little bit over one hour and a half.For starters '
              'the action seems to have been directed by a guy that has seen '
              "too many direct-to-DVD movies but didn't understand the basics "
              'of those kind of movies: too many slow motions, weird angles, '
              'not interesting or clear action. It deserves an special mention '
              'the music, as they seem to have stolen the sound effects from '
              'some seventies action movie. On top of that, the poor attempts '
              'at humor fall flat. And the story puts incongruity on top of '
              'incongruity, with the characters taking stupid and unnecessary '
              'decisions.If I want to see endless shots of a beautiful '
              'deserted landscape I will check some random nature video. And I '
              "won't have to suffer the annoying sound of the bikes.",
 'tt5257730': 'True, I did sit down to watch this 2015 Chinese romantic movie '
              'because Shu Qi was starring in it. But also because it was a '
              "movie that I hadn't already seen, so of course as I had the "
              'chance in 2021 I jumped at said chance.And while "The Last '
              'Women Standing" (aka "Sheng zhe wei wang") is indeed a very '
              'generic and predictable love story as these romantic movies '
              'tend to be, there was just something rather unique about this '
              'movie from writer and director Luo Luo. And I believe that '
              'certain something was a combination of acting performances and '
              'the entire atmosphere that permeated the movie.Sure, much can '
              'be said about "The Last Women Standing" being a generic movie, '
              'but it worked out quite well, and I will say that for a '
              'romantic movie then it was actually above the average '
              'sugar-coated romance that seem to be lazing these types of '
              'movies.There was a good chemistry between the two lead '
              "performers, that being Shu Qi and Eddie Peng. I can't claim to "
              'be familiar with Eddie Peng, but he carried himself quite well. '
              'And as for Shu Qi, well she really added a lot of enjoyment to '
              'the movie with her performance here, as it was really profound '
              'and layers the performance she put on.If you enjoy Asian '
              'romantic movie, then you most certainly should sit down to '
              'watch the 2015 movie "The Last Women Standing". My rating of '
              'this movie lands on a six out of ten stars.',
 'tt5269396': 'Sword Master is a typical example for the new wave of wu xia '
              'cinema. The costumes are colourful, the landscapes are '
              'breathtaking and the fight sequences are quite spectacular on '
              'the positive side. On the negative side, the special effects '
              'are exaggerated and overused, the story is developed in a '
              'confusing way with numerous flashbacks to hide the fact that '
              "the scenario is rather ordinary and the movie doesn't have the "
              'magic pioneer vibe of the original version called Death Duel in '
              'particular and the first wave of wu xia movies in general.There '
              'are three elements that make Sword Master stand out and put it '
              'on a slightly above average level if compared to other '
              'contemporary wu xia flicks. The first twenty minutes of the '
              'movie are quite entertaining and feature interesting character '
              'developments, ferocious fights and stunning settings. The movie '
              'then quickly becomes exchangeable, predictable and shallow but '
              'its first impression is very positive. As a second element, the '
              "acting performances are rather positive even though they aren't "
              'outstanding or even moving. The different characters are '
              'credible and the actors and actresses rarely overact. Aside of '
              'one silly character who only has a minor role, the movie also '
              "avoids adding silly slapstick elements that wouldn't fit in. "
              'Finally, the movie has a great soundtrack that unites '
              'traditional folk instruments, classical music and a few modern '
              'sounds in a highly diversified and always appropriate way. The '
              'soundtrack manages to add more emotions to the different key '
              'scenes of this film.Fans of traditional Chinese action cinema '
              "will surely be entertained by this movie even though it can't "
              'compete with the best genre flicks of the seventies and '
              "eighties. Those who aren't familiar with the wu xia genre "
              'should not start with this film though and discover the '
              'original films first. I was entertained very well and would '
              'watch this movie again in a few years.',
 'tt5273624': "Just by the fact that 'Journey to the West 2 (JTTW2): The "
              "Demons Strike Back' represents the first-ever collaboration "
              'between Hong Kong cinema icons Stephen Chow and Tsui Hark '
              "should make you excited about this sequel to Chow's 2013 "
              'fantasy comedy, which concluded with the monk Tang Sanzang '
              'embark on the titular journey to retrieve the Buddhist sutras '
              'that the classic source material is best known for. Whereas '
              'Zhang Wen played the timid and tentative Tang in the earlier '
              'movie, it is former Exo band member Kris Wu who has been cast '
              'here; ditto, not Huang Bo or Chen Bing Qiang or Lee Sheung '
              "Ching reprise their roles as Tang's companions Monkey King, "
              "Pigsy and Sandy respectively, which are now played by Hark's "
              'latest muse Lin Gengxin, Yang Yiwei and Mengke Bateer – and '
              "just for the record, only the earlier movie's Shu Qi returns to "
              'cameo as Miss Duan, a fellow demon exerciser whom Tang admitted '
              'being in love with only upon her accidental death at Monkey '
              "King's hands. Oh yes, the lack of continuity is somewhat "
              'puzzling, considering how it has only been four years since and '
              'the story here follows from the earlier movie.Yet it becomes '
              'distinctly clear during the 109-minute movie which feels like '
              'it goes on for twice as long that the much touted Chow-Hark '
              'collaboration here is really just a gimmick, as well that the '
              'almost total change in cast from the original represents not '
              'just the cash- grab intentions of this sequel but also the '
              'importance – or lack thereof – which both Chow in his capacity '
              'as writer cum producer and Hark in his as director have placed '
              "on artistic considerations. Indeed, 'JTTW2: The Demons Strike "
              "Back' is a witless, charmless and pointless, whose search for "
              "its own story is even more obvious than Tang's search for the "
              'sutras and which tries copiously to use CGI to compensate for '
              'its glaring absences. Put it simply, this is an utter '
              'disappointment, marking one of the most humourless Chow '
              "comedies we've seen and an awful misstep for the 66-year-old "
              'Tsui on a second-wave of his illustrious but uneven directorial '
              "oeuvre following 'Detective Dee' and 'The Taking of Tiger "
              "Mountain'.First and fundamentally, there is no story here, "
              "meandering from a travelling circus where Tang's attempt to "
              'show the villagers that he and his disciples are capable of '
              'magic results in total destruction of the humble village, then '
              'to an isolated compound in the woods where a female spider '
              'demon and her consorts have killed its inhabitants and are '
              'waiting to devour Tang, and lastly to a carnival-like kingdom '
              'in India where a Minister (Yao Chen) and her servile king (Bao '
              "Bei'er) bait Tang with a white-boned spirit Felicity (Jelly Lin "
              "from 'The Mermaid'). Connecting the three acts is supposedly "
              'the rekindled resentment between Tang and Monkey King, the '
              'former still alternately crushed and angry over the death of '
              "Miss Duan and the latter boiling over the former's hold over "
              'him. And yet, the narrative is anything but character-driven, '
              "chiefly because Chow doesn't develop their conflict to be "
              'anywhere near compelling or resolve it in any convincing, let '
              'alone poignant, way.The rest really is either distraction or '
              "filler. How else would you describe Pigsy's one-note lecherous "
              'tendencies, which sees him turn into a handsome scholarly type '
              "in front of female beauty? Or Sandy's poisoning at the hands of "
              'one of the spider demons, which causes him to turn into a giant '
              'mucus-blowing fish similar to his introduction at the start of '
              'the first movie? Pigsy and Sandy add little to the dynamic '
              'between Tang and Monkey King, used here only as comic relief. '
              'The same can be said of the demons that they encounter along '
              'their way, the eight-legged ones leading to a battle that '
              "briefly alludes to Tang's humanism versus Monkey King's "
              'violence and goes no further and the subsequent no more than an '
              'excuse for Tsui to flex his CGI muscles to conjure up an epic '
              'showdown in the middle of a crashing ocean with a giant rock '
              'monkey, numerous false Buddhas and an immortal gold vulture.Had '
              'your measure of entertainment been premised on CGI, you would '
              "probably be squealing delightfully. Since his 'Legend of Zu' "
              'days, Tsui has loved creating fantasy worlds with the use of '
              'technology, and its advancements have only led him to think '
              'bigger. Yet there is only so much that Tsui as a visual '
              'magician can do to salvage a movie which had very little to '
              'begin with, which we suspect was the reason why Chow decided to '
              'get someone else to do the directing (rather than bear the '
              'ignominy alone); and in turn, Tsui compensates and '
              'over-compensates with his excesses, which ultimately only '
              'underscores how empty and meaningless this whole affair is.It '
              'is even more inexcusable seeing as how Chow is intimately '
              "familiar with the 'Journey to the West' tales coming off his "
              "other revisionist telling 'A Chinese Odyssey' in the 90s. There "
              "are hardly any bits of humour here, and even Chow's signature "
              "tricks (such as characters calling each other '扑街') become "
              'exhaustive and pandering. The cast has hardly any chemistry, '
              'especially inexcusable seeing as how Chow has always stressed '
              'finding the right actors (even those with no prior experience, '
              'like Kitty Zhang or Jelly Lin) in his movies. And there is no '
              'purpose here, given how Tang is no closer to retrieving his '
              'scriptures at the end of it and how Tang and Monkey King seem '
              'to have found closure to their differences like in the last '
              'movie. The fact that this had been a promising Chow-Tsui '
              "collaboration makes watching 'JTTW2: The Demons Strike Back' "
              'even more dispiriting, so just avoid this journey at all costs '
              'and go find somewhere else to walk, just anywhere else really.',
 'tt5275314': 'This is another one of the lousy shallow cliché Chinese '
              "romantic movies that would bore you to death. I don't know "
              "what's wrong with the nowadays Chinese young generation. They "
              'are obsessed with the western lifestyle, they would try every '
              'way to put themselves into the western way of life. They dream '
              'about having their wedding ceremony in a foreign country '
              'instead of in a Chinese place, or they would like to go to the '
              'most expensive resort in China to have their wedding. '
              'Everything must be more or the most like the western, if they '
              "didn't have such arrangement, it would become the most "
              'unforgiving sin in their marriage. Such excuse might become an '
              'excuse to get divorced later. The Chinese young people now are '
              "too shallow, too materialized, too unrealistic, they just don't "
              'want to be too Chinese, so their movies are following such '
              'laughable procedure to be more like a 2nd copy of a western '
              'movies. They not only like to copycat international famous '
              'brands of consumer products, they even like to produce movies '
              'with Chinese actors but with completely copied western style '
              'crap. Why they have to do such things is beyond my '
              'comprehension. Why two Chinese young man and woman have to have '
              'their wedding in Rome? Two strangers in a strange land would be '
              'deemed romantic? Since there is nothing to tell, so they again '
              'used the cliché "love triangle" to make this hollow movie. Is '
              'it really necessary to make another crappy movie again?',
 'tt5290882': "I don't speak Mandarin, but I thought it was a quality movie. "
              '100 gags; the audience was laughing lightly through most of the '
              'movie. This movie was produced in China and has similarities to '
              'a Jackie Chan movie, except that it is slightly better. It has '
              'a silly, comedic timing mixed with some serious, violent '
              'scenes. The audience was filled. I only speak English, but it '
              'had subtitles. They spoke rather fast, so I could not keep up '
              'with their words, but the scenes told the story. Basically, two '
              'detectives are on a hunt for gold and a murderer. There is '
              'everything in this movie: a beauty queen, a tiny amount of '
              'sexiness, mobster actors, a straight man comedic partnership, '
              'racing scenes, dancing, excellent marital arts fights and '
              'beautiful scenes.',
 'tt5297596': 'Yi Ze is a young woman whose life is going nowhere. As an '
              'assistant to a film director, she wants to become a director '
              'herself. The director makes promises, but it\'s always "next '
              'time", not today. We also learn that seven years ago she fell '
              'in love with Yu Fei when she helped him get an audition for a '
              'talent show, despite turning in his application late. Yu Fei '
              'won the talent competition and has since become a star, first '
              'as a singer and more recently as an actor.One day Yu Fei '
              'reappears to film a commercial. The two recognize each other '
              'from their previous meeting, and this elevates Yi Ze to a more '
              'prominent role in the commercial, giving her a chance to show '
              'her talent as a director. At the post production party, the two '
              'exhibit a strong mutual attraction and end a most romantic '
              'evening in bed together.Having sped through the normal plot of '
              'a romantic comedy at breakneck speed, the movie needs to take a '
              'step back and allow complications to develop. It does so when '
              "Yu Fei stops returning Yi Ze's calls. Yi Ze is heartbroken by "
              'the breakup and goes to see a matchmaker/fortune teller (played '
              'with admirable gusto and just the right touch of zaniness by '
              'Chuan-jun Wang). The advice she gets is basically to be more '
              'reserved and play hard to get, so that Yu Fei will stop taking '
              'her for granted and start chasing her. This approach works '
              'wonders, proving that you should always listen to the advice of '
              'noodle bar proprietors who moonlight as fortune tellers. After '
              'various subplots have run their course, most notably the one '
              'where Yu Fei is forced to go on a concert tour in spite of '
              'having lost his singing voice, our two young lovers are '
              'reunited and presumably live happily ever after.Ex-Files 2 is '
              'as light as a feather, but has the redeeming qualities of being '
              'consistently amusing and occasionally laugh out loud funny. '
              'Thats not a bad combination for a romantic comedy.',
 'tt5297654': 'The movie is long.\n'
              "The movie is weird. It doesn't have a lot of cogent aspects and "
              'is very much illogical. However, there are superhero movies '
              'making billions and comedies like the hangover are popular, so '
              'I guess this gets a 6.\n'
              'I watched it to practice my Chinese. Movie drifts into various '
              'different genres and is overall okay, nothing good.\n'
              'On iqiyi with subtitles. If you like cartoons like the avengers '
              'or the hangover, you will probably like this. If you think '
              'there is a difference in the quality of both, I feel sorry for '
              'you.\n'
              'Good acting, good sound, effects. Only a weak plot.',
 'tt5328352': 'This Chinese movie marks the third time this story was done. '
              'Robert DiNiro did a movie a few years back with the same title, '
              'that movie was based on an Italian movie with the same premise. '
              'A retired man who just lost his wife is expecting his adult '
              'children to come visit him, but they all blow him off, so he '
              'packs his bags and visits them instead. In his journey he '
              'discovers that his kids are keeping secrets from him and '
              'putting up a front to hide their unhappiness over what seems '
              'just fine on the surface. The biggest difference between the '
              'American one and this one is where the movie takes place, '
              "although It's slightly more dramatic and a little more hopeful "
              'than the American version about the importance of family.If you '
              'did see the American version and liked that than watch this one '
              "cause it's pretty much the same.",
 'tt5336634': 'Well, the small eyes are very nice to watch, especially when '
              'they laugh. The movie is really bad.',
 'tt5342650': 'This is perhaps not a 1982 Blade Runner or Brazil, but it is '
              'not too bad either. Lately the American movies are getting '
              'stupider by the day, especially the SF ones which are just '
              'buckets of PC, and the Chinese market tries and succeeds in '
              'dethroning Hollywood from the pedestal. What goes up will go '
              "down. I suspect that in few years we'll see really good SF Far "
              "East movies. We'll just have to adapt to a different language. "
              "The movie keeps up your attention and for that, it's great.",
 'tt5354664': 'The book of Time Raiders is very popular in China. And so many '
              'young people love it very much. It have been made a film in '
              "2015.But it's very bad for Time Raiders 's fans. I have watched "
              'the film several days ago. I think it is a very bad thing. '
              'Fist, the major Man-actor called Zhang QiLing is a very silent '
              'man in the novel. No kidding, No smiles, No beer\x85'
              '\x85'
              'What we see in the movie is a funny man. The man we saw in the '
              'movie drunk beer and made joke to somebody else. I was watching '
              'it with full of enthusiasm, but i have slept during the '
              'process.It seems a Love story between two men, not been a '
              'horrific story. The Man- actors are all very handsome, but I '
              'dislike it . Pretty faces wound not let audience to like the '
              'movie.',
 'tt5356308': 'This is a movie about "back to time" and "looking for new '
              'year\'s taste". It will show the oriental cultural customs '
              "through the fantastic new year's food on the vast land of "
              'China. It will save a national life history and cultural '
              'archives with vivid lens language, and take the audience to '
              "look for the old customs and new year's taste again.",
 'tt5357114': 'In the story, which is pursued with quiet obsessiveness, a '
              'youth, Leilei (Zhang Li), becomes possessed by his late mother, '
              "Xiuying, whose spirit has wandered the Shanxi Province's "
              "disintegrating cave homes for years. With the help of Leilei's "
              'father Ming Chun (Zhang Mingjun), whose reception of his late '
              "wife's return is deadpan (Buster Keaton has nothing on these "
              'two guys), they undertake the Sisyphean process, to please '
              "Xiuying, of moving a tree from her family's courtyard higher up "
              'in the desolate dust-covered mountains that surround them. '
              'Panoramic shots show a valley spanned by modern mining '
              'apparatus, while up close beyond the man and possessed boy plod '
              'around a depressing, desolate village where nobody is friendly, '
              'not even their relatives.The film was reviewed at the Berlinale '
              'by Clarence Tsui in Hollywood Reporter. It was produced by Jia '
              'Zhang-ke, whose deadpan sarcasm Tsui detects in this film; she '
              'also sees links with Kafka, Camus, and the camera style of '
              'Pedro Costa. The festival blurb sees a link with "the gentle '
              'supernaturalism of Apichatpong Weerasethakul." Actually, this '
              'is a very Chinese film, and is suffused with the spirit and '
              'style of Jia. The sad, fatalistic mood of Life After Life made '
              "me think of Arthur Waley's translation of the old Chinese poem "
              'The Chrysanthemums in the Eastern Garden: "With what thoughts '
              'of sadness and loneliness/I walk again in this cold, deserted '
              'place!/In the midst of the garden long I stand alone;/The '
              'sunshine, faint; the wind and dew chill/The autumn lettuce is '
              'tangled and turned to seed;/The fair trees are blighted and '
              'withered away." And so on. But in Zhang Hanyi\'s film, nothing '
              'blooms. It is probable that Zhang means the moving of the '
              'leafless tree as a gesture toward the destroyed earth of modern '
              "China. There aren't any closeups other than the staring face of "
              'Leilei/Xiuying facing backward as they forge ahead on his '
              "father's curious vehicle, in which a small pickup truck appears "
              'to have mated with a motorcycle. The task of getting the tree '
              'into this contraption is truly Sisyphean: following a method '
              "they've seen applied to a very large rock, they work the tree "
              'onto the truck along a long plank. Leilei pulls a rope lassoed '
              'around the bulky bottom of the tree wherein its roots are '
              'wrapped, while his dad, holding its thin trunk, rocks it side '
              'to side. Up a plank they go, but just before entering the '
              'truck, it falls down, do they must work it all the way back to '
              'the beginning of the plank, to start anew. People encountered '
              "in the village are sullen and unattractive. Xiuying's family "
              "are not welcoming, but don't expel the pair from a grim outdoor "
              "meal.Looking for Xiuying's father's spirit, they believe "
              "they've found it in an unruly, highly sexed dog. The New "
              'Directors series of which this was a part has included more '
              'than its share of animals slaughtered on screen. This one can '
              'boast the most morbid and prolonged animal execution, which '
              "we're forced to watch all of. It involves strangling a sheep "
              'held to the ground. It takes an age for the sheep to die. When '
              "the task is done, as promised Xiuying leaves, and Leili's body "
              'goes limp. We see Ming Chun carrying it on his back -- another '
              "Sisyphean task? -- and calling to Leilei's spirit to return. "
              'But it does not return. While we are making sophisticated '
              'western references, we might mention Beckett. The meaning of '
              'the film\'s title in Chinese is "labyrinthine branches with '
              'plentiful of leaves," obviously deeply ironic as applied to the '
              "scrawny tree that's moved. It's a tree off the set of Waiting "
              "for Godot, and the words recall Clov's when he looks toward the "
              'audience and Hamm asks him to report and he says, "I see a '
              'multitude in transports of joy." Life After Life/Zhi fan ye '
              "mao, 80 min., debuted at Berlin's Forum section Feb. 2016. It's "
              'listed on IMDb as being "in development." Screened for this '
              'review as part of New Directors/New Films (FSLC/MoMA), New '
              'York, Mar. 2016.',
 'tt5396888': 'One of the best movies I have seen. "Chasing Hemingway" is a '
              'movie (like "Ballad of Narayama", "Wings of Desire", "The Scent '
              'of Green Papaya") that will move you, add beauty and depth to '
              'your life. "Chasing Hemingway" is more "mainstream" than the '
              'movies mentioned above but it is still profound. The acting, by '
              'Han Bo-Reum and Gao Shuguang (and others), is outstanding. It '
              'takes place mostly in Dali, China, which is a gorgeous '
              'background for this simple romance. Some viewers might overlook '
              'the importance of the short first and last scenes, but they add '
              "yet another dimension of reflection on the movie's theme. "
              'Watching the movie again reveals more nuances and is even a '
              'more moving experience.',
 'tt5396926': 'A shy guy who wanted to be an archaeologist gets convinced by '
              'his friend to go into some catacombs in search of the secret '
              'tomb of a princess. The group is formed by seven people, all of '
              "them young people that shouldn't be getting into strange "
              'places. Of course, things take a turn for the worse soon.The '
              'idea of "Tomb Mystery" (a group of friends find a map and '
              'decide to take a look with surprising consequences) is not a '
              'bad one, but the execution is laughable. The movie may have an '
              'interest for people into this kind of movies that are bad at '
              'all levels (acting is horrible, direction is conspicuous by its '
              'absence, no, really, the effects are something from another '
              'era, and the plot... oh, the plot... this is a movie that maybe '
              "has a plot, lost somewhere, but don't expect anyone to be able "
              'to find it; it is harder to find than the tomb of the '
              "princess). If that all wasn't enough to make the movie a "
              'painful experience (even if it is just 1 hour 25 minutes) you '
              'get gratuitous moments, like characters having to burn their '
              'clothes so they get into their underwear."Tomb Mystery" shows '
              "that an idea doesn't make a movie. If you can call a bunch of "
              'people getting into some random catacombs an idea.',
 'tt5425264': 'This is one of those movies that the sound editor thought that '
              'hearing the music and background noises was more important than '
              'hearing the dialogue.',
 'tt5470448': 'I had the luck, pleasure - or burden - to see this film '
              'premiering at the Berlinale 2016. It was a quite interesting '
              'premiere with the actors leaving the room when the lights were '
              'turned off, although they later stated on stage that they '
              'watched it through. If you decide to watch "crosscurrent" be '
              'warned that this is a very poetic film. In the sense of being '
              'driven by Chinese poetry with a lot of symbolism. It is hard to '
              "digest if you don't know much about Chinese arts and language. "
              'Speaking of language, the movie was shown with German and '
              'English subtitles and they differed enormously in their meaning '
              'in some scenes. Unfortunately I only speak a few words of '
              "mandarin, so I can't really judge the linguistic quality. I "
              "don't want to spoiler anything here, which is really difficult "
              "because the plot is quite simple and it's more about the poetry "
              'than about the actors of the movie and the main actress even '
              'stressed that there is room to improve on her acting and it was '
              'mostly below average, but this is also due to the script which '
              "doesn't really emphasize on the persons interacting. The movie "
              'starts very serene with a man embarking on a journey up river '
              '(nothing new here), which is driven by Chinese poetry. The '
              'first half is quite slow and tedious, which made me almost fell '
              "asleep several times, but later on it get's a bit more "
              'interesting (but not really engaging. Still some of the imagery '
              'is quite pleasing and there are a lot of scenic shots (although '
              "mostly in 'moody' conditions). The director, or better to call "
              "him an artist, said it's one of the last movies in China shot "
              'on celluloid. And so, although it was produced over the course '
              'of several years (shooting alone over the course of four years) '
              'you can see some technical glitches like dirt spots or missed '
              "focus in some scenes. But despite all it's shortcomings the end "
              "has some surprises and there's especially one scene which made "
              "me laugh, although it's actually quite demoralizing if you "
              'realize what just happened. Long story short: A serene film for '
              'lovers of Chinese poetry and landscape paintings, but probably '
              'a disastrous experience for most of the western audience.',
 'tt5471154': 'The picture looks good! Dubbing is significantly brilliant. The '
              'parrot is hilarious!',
 'tt5473330': 'I watched this as I am aware some martial arts films do not get '
              'a good rating if badly subbed or dubbed, I like this genre of '
              'film, it was borderline so I thought what the hell....For the '
              'most part it was a bland, reasonably acted film put together '
              'with little thought. At points there was genuine tension so I '
              'was close to rating it a 6. The rather bizarre and poorly '
              'stylised sex(ish)scenes knocked it down to a 5 but still a '
              'bearable effort until the "heavy" storyline about a hubby '
              'looking for revenge peaked.I have watched old boy and can cope '
              'with some damn weird sh*t but this took the biscuit, I became '
              'aware that one of the main protagonists had a DVD of the baddie '
              'raping and torturing a girl, what I did not realise at first '
              'was that it was the other protagonists wife (he was out for '
              'revenge.) OK if a bit misogynistic so far but when we got to '
              'join her husband on the couch as he watched her poorly '
              'dramatised rape and mutilation I gave up.I appreciate a little '
              '"protect the chicks" is standard fare in a lot of action flicks '
              'but this moved a bit too close to a sick and unpleasant '
              'voyeurism, sadly I had watched most of this film before this '
              'drab yet disturbing (and not in a good way) scene arrived and I '
              'lost any will to watch it further.If after reading this you '
              'find you have few/no friends and are looking to improve the '
              'quality of sad messed up deviant you already are this film is '
              'waiting for you.',
 'tt5473906': 'I think This Movie Can Be The Best Romance Chinese Movie '
              'IF...The Story Make Us Feeling Of The Love Story...I think The '
              'Main Woman Character not dead...This Film Will Be Best...And '
              'Yeah Make 10 babies And Be Happiest Familly Ever....and I think '
              'This Is GOOD FILM...',
 'tt5474302': 'Cute girl in school uniform fighting bad guys? sign me in. '
              'heck, it does not even matter where the story goes. just seeing '
              'her in the screen alone is entertainment. the story ends with a '
              'cliffhanger but it doesnt look like they are going to make a '
              'sequel. many years have passed and still no progress. no news, '
              'no rumors, nothing. I wonder what happened.',
 'tt5562070': 'This is one of the best movies with a truly with deep meaning '
              'of live, love and money.',
 'tt5596352': 'As a white Canadian with absolutely no history of watching '
              'Chinese cinema (outside of the Jackie Chan, Jet Li, Bruce Lee '
              'flavour) I actually saw this movie on a lark to kill time in '
              'between meetings. I was very happy I did. The main characters '
              'were likable, the camera work was well done, the story had both '
              'serious and light moments and the action sequences are '
              'fantastic. I had a few problems as far as figuring out the '
              'passage of time (The story feels like it plays out over a week, '
              'but it feels like that is a little too long given the scenario '
              "presented) but it doesn't really hurt the film. I was surprised "
              'to see no reviews on this page, as I feel that this film does '
              'deserve to be seen. Seek it out!',
 'tt5596528': 'The film captured my attention from the stunning opening score '
              'and photography, followed soon by impressive visuals. I rooted '
              'for dancer Xiaodie Shang the moment I realized what happened to '
              'her. A typical tragic love story. Xiaodie is invited to '
              'choreograph dancers in Budapest, but it soon becomes evident '
              'things are not what they seem at the estate. I loved the '
              'setting and the cinematography. The sets were nothing short of '
              'spectacular. The film was an absolute delight to watch. It was '
              'colorful and beautiful and beautifully filmed as well, '
              'capturing the essence of beauty as we perceive butterflies to '
              'be. The acting was good and I loved how the mystery unfolded '
              'with a great twist. The editing was fantastic. This was '
              'absolutely breathtaking with a fantastic ending! Easily one of '
              "the most stylish fantasy films I've ever seen.",
 'tt5599016': "I've watched probably hundreds of movies during my time, and "
              'thought I had seen what the world of cinema had to offer, until '
              'I saw this.. I literally had chills from start to end, and my '
              "wife couldn't even talk to me during the film because I simply "
              "was too caught up in this movie (she also can't talk at all "
              'because of a brain damage she suffered at age 8).I ordered '
              'tickets to China as soon as the credits started rolling, '
              "couldn't wait! But apparently my visa application was declined "
              'over a minor offense I did in my early twenties.. Like come on '
              "China! You mean to tell me I'm a danger to the state just "
              'because of a couple of innocent terror-attacks? Anyways..This '
              "movie is definitely everything you'd want a movie to be. Asked "
              "my wife to bury me with the CD when I pass, she didn't answer, "
              'but I think she got my back. And I also requested the director '
              'Zhang Qi to attend my birthday next week. Crossing fingers! But '
              'yeah, go watch the movie!',
 'tt5619304': 'This flick could only have been produced and underwritten by '
              'people who have no interest in film making other than its '
              'potential for making money. There was absolutely nothing new to '
              'see in "Midnight Hair." In fact, the poor, ridiculous title '
              "alone should've been enough to warn me away from it, but no, I "
              'just had to see where the Chinese were in relation to the '
              'vastly superior horror films emanating from South Korea and '
              'Japan.While I was watching this movie, I imagined a '
              'conversation in a lobby somewhere between a producer, director '
              'and janitor who just happened to be sweeping up the environs at '
              "the time.Producer: Hey, Director, I have a little money and I'd "
              "like to make a movie.Director: Make a horror film. They're "
              "cheap to produce and, if you're lucky, the rewards are "
              "high.Producer: Good. Here's a million dollars. Make sure the "
              'money has every cliche in the horror books so I can get my '
              'money back. Oh, and make sure the actors over-react in EVERY '
              'SCENE with open-mouthed stares and sloooooow walking so the '
              "audience will know they're seeing a horror film.Janitor: Um, "
              "fellas, shouldn't your movie be, at least, original?The "
              'producer whips out a gun and shoots the janitor dead.Producer: '
              "Meddlesome insect! I'm in it for the money!",
 'tt5636668': 'I went to watch this movie with my best friend and her father '
              'this weekend at the movie theater.I thought that the plot of '
              'the movie was excellent. The beginning was very creative. The '
              'relationship between the characters was very complex and well '
              'planned. Also, the movie gave the audience a lot of room and '
              'freedom to imagine what could happen.The acting was very '
              'convincing. The actors poured a lot of passion in their '
              'respective roles. The child in the movie showed a great range '
              'of emotions. The on-screen relationship between the police '
              'officer and the protagonist was awesome to watch.This is an '
              'amazing and fantastic movie and I recommend it strongly. Go '
              'watch it now!!!',
 'tt5639650': 'Having just relocated to the Columbus, OH area ... with some '
              'effort, I identified one theater playing a Chinese movie. '
              'Initially, I was the only one in the theater. Five minutes into '
              'the movie, one other couple came in. That set the record for my '
              'lifetime lowest number of people in the theater. Which was too '
              'bad. The movie, "Phantom of the Theater" was pretty good. The '
              'Hong Kong director Wan Mai Yip is much more famous for the "Ip '
              'Man" action, kung fu, police series. This one, however, was a '
              'ghost story set in a fictional Chinese city in the 1930s. The '
              'plot involves a handsome young director who decides to shoot a '
              'horror movie in a stage theater known to be haunted. The movie '
              'would definitely not win any European Avante Guarde Art awards, '
              'but it was great entertainment. Handsome leading man, gorgeous '
              'leading ladies, good story, super-saturated colors, gorgeous '
              'period clothing, jealousy, intrigue.... It was a great evening. '
              ':-)By the way, other than some normal frightening death and '
              'ghost horror scenes, this movie is family friendly. No nudity, '
              'no profanity. No controversial social issues.',
 'tt5648036': 'Mr. Bloom, I used to be your fan and liked some of your films, '
              'especially "Kingdom of Heaven", which gave certain impact to '
              'the depth of my emotion and the character you played also '
              "impressed me a lot. Your participations of all the films you've "
              'signed on never overlooked by me. But this "The Shanghai Job" '
              'really forced me to call an end to pay any further attention to '
              'you, because this film only qualified for "straight to Wal-Mart '
              'B-movie DVD bin", not qualified for a generous wide release on '
              'the big screen.\n'
              'Please do not get involve with any film backed up by any '
              'Chinese production in the future. This film is just so '
              'pretentious and phony and so painful to watch, not just '
              'terrible. Also, dying your hair into a blond only gave me such '
              'a pain to watch, it looked just so repellently unnatural. Your '
              'heavy South African English accent in this film also turned me '
              'off further. The story is so childishly ridiculous, the '
              'scenarios and the plots both laughable, the directing so '
              'mediocre, genetic and boring. All the supporting actors, some '
              'of them are veterans and reputed in mainland China or in Hong '
              'Kong, but they were also ridiculed and wasted by this '
              "ridiculous and childish screenplay. It's, like I've said "
              'before, so painful to watch.This film is so bad and I really '
              "don't want to waste more words to review it, 'cause it's "
              'unworthy.',
 'tt5649362': '==Spoiler Alert===Good and bad things will happen in life. If I '
              "were under 20 years old, I may have cried my eyes out. Now, I'm "
              "nearly 50 years old, I had a fair share of hardships and I'm "
              'still battling my illness as well as looking after my elderly '
              "parents. This type of film make me feel that even if you're "
              "grief stricken and heart broken, you'll eventually become "
              'hungry and wanting to go to sleep. Yes, life goes on.Despite '
              'the depressing end, I felt that we need to enjoy the present '
              'and try to live fully. Those historical incidents remind us '
              'that our happiness is built on efforts and sufferings of many '
              "victims and I'm truly grateful that we live in more free "
              'society. The viewers will appreciate that the camera '
              'beautifully captured the dynamic and unique Chinese landscape. '
              'Two years ago, I traveled through Yunnan Province and the film '
              'brought me back many good memories.',
 'tt5662906': "I couldn't take my eyes of the screen. The movie surprised me "
              'in many ways which I find rare after watching a lot of movies. '
              "It's a horror/thriller but very realistic and that makes it "
              'scarier for me. Everything is well played and believable. '
              'Enjoy!',
 'tt5665040': "I am normally picky about what I watch, because there's just so "
              'much out there, I can barely keep up with my obvious '
              'interests... so generally a foreign film has to really stand '
              'out for me to devote time to watch it. I am very glad I watched '
              'this one.Immediately upon starting, I was hooked, because I '
              'felt for the lead and what she was going through; but when the '
              'movie started with the 17yr old parts, I was worried that it '
              'was going to turn into more of a movie geared towards '
              "teenagers. But it actually isn't.Just to be clear, she doesn't "
              'actually go back in time, nor does she physically reverse in '
              "age, etc. Rather, it's like her 28yr old self gets swapped with "
              "her 17yr old self. Most films, when this happens, it's a one "
              'time trip, and at the end they go back to wherever they started '
              'at. In this film, this is not the case as it swings between the '
              'two frequently.This film became more serious minded as we watch '
              "the struggle she deals with, with the mess that's left behind "
              'from each trip. However by the end its really touching and a '
              'poignant message about embracing who you are; but also about '
              'letting go. It actually makes you think about your own life... '
              'what would your 17yr old self say to you now? I have to say, '
              "it's an amazing movie, and well worth a watch. I highly "
              'recommend!',
 'tt5671298': 'I have no idea why this movie is harassed and get a very low '
              'rating. I mean we have seen many movies like this from '
              'Hollywood and yet they get away with it (probably because they '
              'have the best CGI).We all know now that European and Asian CGI '
              '(with the exception of South Korea and Japan) is bad but we '
              'also know the history why it is, so I think we can be a little '
              "more forgiving now.As for the movie, it's Alice in wonderland, "
              "but it's cool joyride, I like the music, and the acting is ok, "
              'I was entertained from start to finish.So I think it should be '
              'higher rated.',
 'tt5684550': "Xuan Zang's journey showed many obstacles in his path to gain "
              'an even deeper spiritual truth. Xuan Zang displayed great '
              'endurance and perseverance in the face of these obstacles.At '
              'times I had to suspend disbelief for example when an elephant '
              'tipped over into a river, sunk and did not drown. Why is this '
              'important? I feel they went out of their way to show that Xuan '
              'Zang was not responsible for the death of any living creature '
              'which is a central tenant to Buddhism.Where this movie breaks '
              'down is in detailing spiritual truth. The movie talked about '
              'debate and showed a winner with no debate! I would have liked '
              'to have seen at least a couple of minutes of debate '
              'interspersed.',
 'tt5712158': 'BLOODY DESTINY is a low budget boxing drama from mainland '
              'China. The film shows off some picturesque locations and tells '
              'a fairly engaging story, but the main problem is that said tale '
              'is padded out endlessly with cheesy romantic scenes and family '
              'drama. The story is about a young boxer who runs afoul of a '
              'crime boss and is forced to fight against his will.When I saw '
              'this film came from mainland China my heart sank, expecting it '
              'to be full of the usual propaganda as we saw in JACKIE CHAN AND '
              'THE KUNG FU KID. Thankfully, the director avoids that for the '
              'most part, concentrating instead on melodrama and action. The '
              'fight scenes are quite fun and the choreography is pretty good; '
              'an early brawl with some suited thugs is a little reminiscent '
              'of THE RAID. Kung fu fans will be delighted to see that Beardy '
              'plays in support as the chief villain, sporting a criminally '
              'bad hairdo, but at least he gets to fight at the end.',
 'tt5714554': 'Everything came together to make this a great film. All the '
              'boxes are checked on what makes a great movie. A crime-mystery '
              'thriller set in a wonderful winter landscape to a phenomenal '
              'music score that really keeps the viewer engaged all the way '
              'through. A mystery that keeps one guessing up until the very '
              'end scene. This film has a powerful story focused around '
              "morals, corruption & revenge that has it's audience feeling "
              'like they are viewing a classic crime thriller novel come to '
              'life. I wish I could find more films like this. Simple yet '
              'captivating.Highly recommended!',
 'tt5759434': "While the box office is overrun by superhero films, it's "
              'refreshing to see a film that grounds itself more directly in '
              'humanity. "The Chinese Widow" is a beautifully shot, often '
              'endearing film that features particularly strong performances '
              'by Yifei Liu and Fangcong Li. It is a moving story that deals '
              'with incredible sacrifice and one that may bring the viewer to '
              'question their definition of heroism. If you want to see '
              'something more profound than a run-of-the-mill blockbuster, '
              '"The Chinese Widow" is definitely worth a watch.',
 'tt5763398': 'I didn\'t know about "Fear is Coming" prior to finding it by '
              'sheer random luck. And being a big fan of Asian cinema, I did '
              'of course jump at the chance to sit down to watch it.And one '
              'would think that a joint effort in the ghost genre between '
              'China and Thailand that the outcome would be nothing short of '
              'spectacular. Well, it would be in theory. "Fear is Coming" '
              'turned out to be, and I am being blunt here, a mediocre and '
              "very bland horror movie. It didn't differentiate itself from "
              'the numerous other ghost movies that China and Thailand have '
              "put out. So it wasn't particularly outstanding or memorable.The "
              'story in "Fear is Coming" was generic, and didn\'t really offer '
              'anything that scary. But I suppose that maybe to the Asian '
              'viewers then things happening in this movie might be '
              'frightening enough. But for a seasoned veteran of the horror '
              'genre, then I found nothing scary about this movie.Most of the '
              "characters in the movie weren't especially interesting, and "
              'actually turned out to be somewhat generic and one-dimensional. '
              'In fact, you get to know very little about most of the '
              'characters, which essentially meant that the characters could '
              'have just as easily been replaced by cardboard cut-outs."Fear '
              'is Coming" featured no one that I was familiar with prior to '
              'watching the movie. So it was sort of nice to have totally new '
              'faces on the screen. But it was a shame that some of the '
              'talents were as mundane as the characters they portrayed. But '
              'it should also be said that some of the acting talents were '
              'doing great jobs. And the child actresses were especially good '
              'in the movie.And while there certainly was a red thread '
              'throughout the course of the movie, it was just something that '
              'was too generic and shallow. Most of the events in the movie '
              'were just too random and seemed forced and put in there for no '
              'particular reason.However I must admit that it was somewhat of '
              'an ordeal to actually sit through the entire movie, because it '
              'was just trotting on in a very monotone pace, and very little '
              'of any greater interest took place throughout the course of the '
              'story.The cinematography in the movie was quite good, and there '
              'were some great visuals here and there throughout the course of '
              "the movie. However, don't except to be blown away by a myriad "
              'of special effects that will be the envy of even Hollywood.And '
              'what was up with all the snails? What is scary about snails?The '
              'lack of scares and anything even remotely frightening, made for '
              'a very generic and bland horror movie. So this is hardly a '
              'worthy addition to the horror vault of any fan of the Asian '
              'horror cinema. "Fear is Coming" is a movie that doesn\'t really '
              'get under your skin, nor does it tickle you in any of the right '
              'places. So a single word is needed to describe director Zhang '
              'Yang\'s movie: mundane.My rating of "Fear is Coming" is a less '
              'than mediocre 4 out of 10 stars.',
 'tt5769516': 'The only reason this movie gets 8 out of 10 from me is that, in '
              'the end, you just need more. The story had a feel of a Japanese '
              'manga high school movie with a touch of those back to the old '
              'good days movies: a girl who is the best student of her class '
              'and the only thing she does and cares about is studying and '
              'breaking records, gets involved with the worst student of the '
              "class. At first, she can't stand him. But eventually she gets "
              'to know him and they become closer. Unlike other young love '
              'Chinese movies I have watched that were like bad teen TV '
              'movies, this one was really good. The story is touching and it '
              'focuses less on developing a cliché love story and more on '
              'having the audience get to know the characters. Truelly, the '
              'only thing that this film got wrong was the ending. Even though '
              "everyone's' story was concluded, the main one was left open "
              'wide, and you just need a good conclusion on the love story.',
 'tt5769560': "Yuan Jie is China's eighth generation director film director, "
              "the players' films play level is extremely stable, 14 years to "
              'guide the 2.8 "bed someone 2" and 2.6 "horror movie", 15 years '
              'to guide the 2.7 terrorist swimming pool, SO the "insomnia, men '
              'and women in assaying the fineness of final is also has a track '
              'record, I can only say that the meat, selling stupid, selling '
              'base film base, basic no movies in my life.',
 'tt5775194': "Script 1/10 - it's just a cheap rip-off the Terminator 2 "
              "movieCGI 3/10 - I've seen Bollywood SciFi movies with better "
              'explosion effects. Not to mention the "This is Sparta" wannabe '
              "scenes shot on a green screen are so bad that it's not even "
              'funnySound & Music 2/10 - the overlay for the fight scenes '
              'must-of came from a free music library, same for the '
              'soundtrackWaste of my time 11/10',
 'tt5779650': 'I have no Frikin idea what the Frikin hell I just watched. If '
              'you want to know how sh-rooms effect your brain watch this '
              'emotional roller coaster. Honestly this thing has horrible '
              'animation, the story is garbage and what the hell is that goat '
              'thing, or anything in this movie, I honestly wish i was on the '
              'drugs these people were on.',
 'tt5784434': 'Lack of clarity:\n'
              '1. Unless you are very conversant in Mandarin or Cantonese then '
              'subtitles are necessary. But, in this case they used a barely '
              'visible small English font; poorly chosen font type for '
              'readability; most egregious was using white when most often the '
              'background was a light color or white itself. Thus a lot of '
              'important dialogue or viewing scenes were lost in trying figure '
              'out the dialogue.\n'
              "2. Unless you know that period's history the script jumped "
              'around without clarity of location, characters, or cultural '
              'behavior.',
 'tt5806792': 'For some background info, this movie is adapted from a game, '
              'and there was a drama adapted from this game as well in 2014, '
              "though it might be a different storyline (I don't play that "
              'game).\n'
              'Thus, one should lower his/her expectations when watching this '
              'film. After all, the storyline in games usually go along the '
              "same lines of defeating a villain to save the world...What's "
              'great: Graphics, some CG, fighting scenes, some famous '
              "actors.What's disappointing: the acting, the background music "
              '(or lack of it for some scenes) and the incoherency of some '
              'scenes.More on the acting, like most reviews from a Chinese '
              'review site, I felt that the acting was mostly stiff and a bit '
              'awkward. To be blunt, I think I see a few Kristen Stewarts in '
              'there, and the interraction was very bland at times. It was '
              'hard to imagine this would be the level of standard in a '
              "seemingly high budget movie. And it's sad to say, but I felt "
              'that the choice of actors, especially the main male character '
              'was kind of wrong. Wang Lee Hom seems a bit displaced as a '
              'happy go lucky MC who goes around with highly flexible moves '
              'and jumps around, since he is not that young anymore. Thus, I '
              'believe younger yet sunny type actors like Show Luo could be '
              'more suitable for the role.Incoherency of some scenes was quite '
              'jarring, as the switch from a scene to another hardly makes '
              'much sense at times, and in some scenes were obviously shot at '
              'different times and put together. Again, this is quite bad for '
              'a seemingly high budget film.Overall, the movie was quite '
              'boring as besides the cliched storyline (well this is a video '
              'game adaptation), the presentation of the scenes was quite '
              'monotonous (partly due to the acting and lack of music at '
              'times) but the graphics and a few big shot actors are worth '
              'supporting the film for.',
 'tt5813366': 'Keep slamming Bleeding Steel with low score and bad reviews for '
              'all I care cause I believe even in the worst movie ever made if '
              'it starring Jackie Chan somehow he will make the best out of it '
              'and Bleeding Steel is an example .Yeah the movie plot make no '
              "sense at all and I couldn't care less about any of the "
              'characters but the fact that Jackie Chan still doing his own '
              'stunt in his 60s alone is wonderful enough for me not regret '
              'buying the ticket',
 'tt5816956': 'When I first layed my eyes on this movie was on the tv trailer '
              'that showed it as a horror movie, then I bought the DVD that '
              'had a poster of a typical Asian horror plot and pics that looks '
              'like a horror movie, but once watching I realized this is not a '
              'horror movie, but a detective type movie like Agatha Christie '
              'movie as murder at the orient express but it takes place in a '
              'hotel lobby . Early morning, a young girl is found dead at her '
              'apartment, two hours later a black invitation envelope is send '
              'to six people. They are invited to an abandoned hotel in middle '
              "of nowhere and it's very rich looking. But the six people are "
              'not there for choosy, they are there to find out who killed the '
              "young girl, the six people are:1 - the dead girl's lover 2 - "
              "the lovers wife 3 - the dead girl's ex jealous boyfriend 4 - "
              "the dead girl's roommate 5 - the dead girl's sister 6 - a "
              'private detective who is investigating her murder.Any of them '
              'could be the murder but who?The movie is very interesting, but '
              'got declined because of the false advertising, I have no idea '
              'why they advertise this as a horror movie, it really gave this '
              'movie a bad reputation and really uncalled for.But for what it '
              'is the plot is interesting, a lot of talk though which is '
              'normal in a Chinese mainland movie, and not much action. But as '
              "a detective story is really good, it's a shame they didn't "
              'advertise it for what it was.',
 'tt5823524': 'Do you remember that scene from Brutes And Savages, where an '
              'obviously plastic crocodile puppet, with hinged jaws, allegedly '
              "chomped down on an alleged tribesman in someone's backyard "
              'swimming pool, while the supposed tribesman yelled monkey '
              'noises while being eaten? Imagine that scene stretched out to '
              "85 minutes, and that's\u200b this movie.The rubbery killer "
              'crocodiles in this very colourful film are the ghosts of '
              'reincarnated humans, amid vampires, martial arts zombies in '
              'creepy, Lucio Fulci-like make-up, and a witch with Freddy '
              'Krueger-like claws, for no apparent reason. What the hell they '
              "are doing, and why, is anyone's guess, and why a couple of "
              "scenes are played in reverse is anyone's guess, as well.People "
              'throw fruit at the crocodile to make it go away (!) , only to '
              'have the crocodile spit it back at them in one scene (! '
              'again)This Godfrey Ho trainwreck was publicly screened on '
              'Tuesday night, 15 May 2017, at the Alamo Drafthouse, in '
              'Brooklyn, and from a bootleg tape with Greek subtitles " for '
              'maximum confusion ", this is surely one of the most bizarre '
              "films I've ever seen in a cinema. That being said, however, I "
              "can't say that I regret watching it, because I am one of the "
              'few people to ever see this at all, let alone in a cinema. It '
              'is my belief that this film was made an possibly released in '
              '1981 ( which is the copyright date on the screened print ) but '
              'then Godfrey Ho did his usual cut-and-paste re-edit to it, and '
              'rereleased it years later, which explains its varying year of '
              "release.I didn't even mention the floating cushion god, "
              'hovering above in one shot, or the bizarre, video game- like '
              'music blasting away on the soundtrack',
 'tt5843056': 'another really good performance from Aaron Kwok, the female '
              'lead was really good too. overall all the acting was good or '
              'above. the director has a pretty good eye and captures some '
              'moments really really well, so well i would consider it world '
              'class. thats why the movie left me a little unfulfilled. the '
              'problem w most Chinese and korean movies is that they have '
              "situations in movies that are so improbable that it couldn't "
              'happen in real life. in there is the problem..you have a pretty '
              'good movie grounded in real life and then throw in a few '
              "improbable scenarios that couldn't happen in real life and for "
              "me, thats really annoying. i've turned off movies like "
              "that..but for some reason this movie wouldn't let me turn it "
              "off. if they didn't have the few dumb scenarios this movie "
              "would've have been somewhere in the 7 star range. but...what do "
              'i know...anyways...i still totally enjoyed the movie. '
              "overall...a fairly well done movie about redemption. i'm sure "
              "that there'll be people who will watch this movie and shed a "
              'tear or two. Fellinis\' " Nights of Cabiria " gets a couple of '
              'minutes in this movie, so we know that the young director is '
              "also a movie buff and like i mentioned in the above...there's "
              'some gorgeous gorgeous shots in this movie...the scene where '
              'Aarons character is at an old moviehouse was my favorite...it '
              'was shot with such love. not a highly highly recommend but '
              "nonetheless i will still recommend it as there's a lot more "
              'good then bad in this movie.',
 'tt5846644': 'They seriously just remade the plot and every scene, with bad '
              'actors and stupid fights scenes.. This is just like those cheap '
              'hollywood remakes.',
 'tt5862362': 'No spoilers, just a description of the plot followed by my view '
              'on the movie. In Sword We Trust has a great storyline. The '
              'British invade and kill a bunch of Chinese, claiming the head '
              "of the Chinese general. The Chinese general's daughter asks "
              "martial arts monks to help her retrieve her dad's head so that "
              'he can have a funeral. The girl and main monk wind up having to '
              'fight the British. For some reason these characters from China '
              "are called Benjamin and Rebecca in English. I guarantee that's "
              "not what they're called in Chinese. However, lots of well "
              'choreographed action and plot twists for a movie of this '
              'caliber. I watched this on YouTube where In Sword We Trust is '
              'dubbed in English, where the problem lies. Apparently, someone '
              'thought it would be cute to change the dialogue into a drama of '
              'immature teenagers talking. One of the British soldiers '
              'actually says, "Com\' on baby, I\'m zest fully clean." The high '
              'monk says similar stuff. Also, the British actors were dubbed '
              "with American accents. Dubbing wise, it's a disaster film, but "
              'in many ways hilarious and watchable with friends to make fun '
              'of it. The movie in itself is good.',
 'tt5866930': 'Watching The Adventurers is like watching every heist movie '
              "blend together so don't get your hope high when it starring "
              'Andy Lau and Jean Reno.The characters is poor written,the plot '
              'is so predictable that you can see every twist and turn from '
              'miles away but it not obnoxious to the point that it '
              'unwatchable.Watch Once a Thief if you want to see a better '
              'version of this movie',
 'tt5870806': "Seeing how juvenile, farcical and downright nonsensical 'From "
              "Vegas to Macau III' was, it makes perfect sense that Wong "
              "Jing's next movie would be no less than a kids' movie. Oh yes, "
              "even though he isn't credited as director, his fingerprints are "
              "all over the equally scattershot and infantile 'Girl of the Big "
              "House', not least because he wrote and produced it and has "
              'appointed one of his regular deputies Aman Chang (of other Wong '
              "Jing scripted- and produced- efforts such as 'The Conman 2002' "
              "and 'Flirting in the Air') to direct it on his behalf. Even "
              'when approached with the lowest of expectations, there is '
              'little redeeming about this barely coherent mess, which aims '
              "for a contemporary fairy tale by way of 'Home Alone' and fails "
              'on every conceivable level.It takes no longer than the opening '
              'credits for one to sense that something is quite amiss. To '
              'introduce us to the titular protagonist are the three members '
              'of the Cantopop band Grasshopper, who by way of a CG-animated '
              'musical sequence tell of a little girl named Bowie (Angela '
              'Wang) born with a silver spoon who spends her days in a big '
              'house akin to a modern-day castle while her parents (Francis Ng '
              'and Miriam Yeung) travel around the world for business. Not '
              'only is the ditty awkward and unwieldy, it behooves the '
              'filmmakers to use the same technique sometime along the course '
              'of the movie in order not to make the opening completely out of '
              'place, which ultimately precipitates another misplaced ditty in '
              'the middle of the film and a closing song-and- dance sequence '
              'as cringe-worthy for the audience as it is for the band members '
              'as well as the actors obligated to perform in it.Indeed, that '
              'pained expression is clearly written on the faces of Ng and '
              'Yeung, who seem to have had their own respective debts to '
              're-pay to Wong Jing in order to have agreed to lend their names '
              'to this misfire. Yeung appears for no more than 15 minutes in '
              'the whole film, her most substantial contribution being '
              "engaging with the baddies in a spoof 'Fruit Ninja' sequence "
              "after being revealed as a former TVB 'kung fu' actress. On the "
              'other hand, Ng has to put up with much more ignominy, taking on '
              "dual roles as both Bowie's father as well as the latter's "
              "ne'er-do-well older brother Dave, who comes up with the plan to "
              "rob his own family's house in order to retrieve a valuable "
              'painting which he believes he was rightfully denied. Ng is too '
              'consummate an actor to slum his way through, but it is truly '
              'depressing watching him endure the silly pratfalls his '
              'character is made to do, like take nibbles off a chicken '
              'drumstick his nemesis is holding while being tied up kneeling '
              "on the floor.If it isn't immediately clear from the trailer, "
              "let's just say that the curly-haired Dave isn't the ultimate "
              "villain; oh no, he's in fact a man with a conscience who has "
              'been misguided by his envy of his more successful younger '
              "brother Neil (a la Bowie's father), and it is no secret that "
              'Dave will come to realise the folly of his ways before the end '
              "credits. Instead, the real baddie falls to Jim Chim's Mr "
              'Brutal, who with half a head of black and half a head of white '
              'hair as well as a parrot in tow just about screams caricature. '
              "It is Mr Brutal who makes use of Dave's two accomplices (played "
              'by Lo Fan and Mars) to make the jump on the latter, not only to '
              'burgle the entire house but also to kidnap Bowie in order to '
              'ransom her wealthy parents, thus setting the proceedings as a '
              'cat-and-mouse chase around the house as the trailer so '
              'promises.In truth, it takes close to half the movie for the '
              'kidnappers to finally enter the house, the first half littered '
              'with throwaway sequences such as Bowie being courted in her '
              'international school by a mischievous boy named Benji or an '
              'extended chase around a Pottinger Street market to evade a pair '
              'of kidnappers (Lo Fan again and Tony Ho). The latter is '
              'intended to introduce Bowie to three friends – Holly (The '
              "Bodyguard's Jacqueline Chan), Donald (Dragon Blade's Jozef Liu) "
              'and Ah Man (Wong Yuet Yuk) – who will turn up at her house to '
              'celebrate the occasion of her birthday just as the kidnapping '
              "is underway, but Wong Jing's script is too daft and Aman "
              "Chang's direction too mechanical to make the smart-kids-versus- "
              "bumbling adults premise pop.Worse, Wong Jing isn't yet done "
              'with his obsession of robotic butlers, and so Bowie gets a fat '
              'red round one called Wiley that her parents get her as her '
              "birthday present. Whereas 'From Vegas to Macau III's' Robot "
              'Skinny could make coffee with his fingertips, Wiley is '
              'conveniently retrofitted to be an ice cream machine when Bowie '
              'wants one or her personal bodyguard when she needs one. '
              "Nonetheless, Wiley's presence as well as his supposed 'combat "
              "mode' is entirely superfluous, seeing as how he is literally "
              'tied up most of the time and has been written to run out of '
              'battery just when he is put back into action. And yet, '
              "considering how much of Wong Jing's ideas on script rarely "
              "develop further than brain farts, it isn't too surprising that "
              'Wiley turns out pointless.It has sometimes become too easy to '
              'slam a Wong Jing film, but we dare say that we tried as far as '
              'possible to cast aside any preconceived bias we had of the '
              "movie, which only made it more infuriating that the 'Girl of "
              "the Big House' pretty much confirms what we feared worst about "
              "the filmmaker's tendencies. Not even for kids we say – you'll "
              "be much better off watching re-runs of 'Home Alone' than this "
              'copycat dud.',
 'tt5871166': 'What I love about Chinese drama is they are so strong no matter '
              'what budget or actors, you can actually feel you are there in '
              'the movie world. lost is a sad movie but also a good learning '
              'movie about poor, desperate and criminal life can do to a '
              'person.Little Swallow is an orphan on the street who one day '
              'got food from a poor man she calls Zhuzi, despite he is poor he '
              'helps her. They meet a friend of Zhuzi, Heizi but he is '
              'involved with child trafficking and pretty soon little Swallow '
              "being involved in begging business.It's a very dark movie, but "
              'it feels so real, the actress Ruofan Xiaohe is so great in her '
              'role as Little Swallow, you can feel the presence of her lines. '
              'Very touchy 10/10.',
 'tt5874548': "I'm sure you can find something better than spending 90 minutes "
              "for this ''movie''.\n"
              "acting/0 - directing/0 - screen/0, 2 stars because I'm a very "
              'good person and for the first 6.30 min.',
 'tt5882704': 'I really love the modern Chinese movies, great visual effects. '
              'This movie is an adventure movie, Indiana Jones-like one with a '
              'touch of humour.\n'
              'Definitely to recommend!',
 'tt5896962': '"Line Walker" is another one of the long line of movies with '
              'cops, crooks and moles. In this case, it is based (continues) '
              'the story of a TV series where a series of police undercover '
              'found their files deleted and on the hide, no one knowing they '
              'were actually cops. The intro to the movie tells us that all '
              'the cops where found, but we soon discover that there was one '
              'left behind.From now on we will have the typical game of cat '
              'and mouse, where we are supposed to find who is a mole, who is '
              'a policeman, who is what and why and for what purpose. All this '
              'has been done before ("Infernal Affairs" is an amazing '
              'example), but in "Line Walker" it falls into a convoluted plot, '
              'that jumps from one place to the other (it feels as if some '
              "parts of the movie have been cut) and can't really hold the "
              "viewer's attention.The actors all do a good job. Louis Koo, "
              'Francis Ng, and all the others are as charismatic (and blank '
              'sometimes) as ever, and bring the story to life in its low '
              'moments. The action scenes are fine, even though a little bit '
              'messy sometimes and fall into the '
              "yes-we-can't-really-shoot-what-can-we-do problem. All in all, "
              'it is an average movie, that will be better enjoyed (probably) '
              'by fans of the TV series.',
 'tt5914618': "This wasn't absolutely awful but it wasn't great either. This "
              'is a comedy thriller and it comes off as goofy at times. The '
              'acting is okay by some and lacking with others. The setting is '
              "good. The story is a little shaky but ok. I probably won't "
              'watch it again but it was okay for a day when I had some time '
              'to kill.',
 'tt5918090': 'Bingbing Fan is on a quest for justice. She and her husband got '
              'a divorce so they could get a better apartment, but after the '
              'divorce, he married someone else. So she wants the divorce '
              'overturned, so they can be married again, whereupon she will '
              'sue for a divorce.This confuses the local judiciary, the police '
              'department and the entire civil government up to the level of '
              'provincial governor -- goodness knows, it confused me -- and '
              'gets a review at the national level in Beijing, where the '
              'decisions are sustained. This happens for ten years in a row, '
              'while judges, majors and even governors lose their jobs, '
              "because this crazy woman cannot be stopped.It's a fine satire "
              'of the effects of one determined person on a massive '
              'bureaucracy, as various people try to deal with her by varying '
              'means. While I found several stretches a bit slow, perhaps this '
              'is because in the details of general and particular points to '
              'make fun of, the particular points of Chinese government elude '
              'me. Even with that in mind, there are lots of good laughs, and '
              'some interesting playing around with mattes: the provincial '
              'scenes are shown through a circular matte, showing off the '
              'squarish architecture, and the Beijing scenes are shown through '
              'a small, rectangular matte, showing off the round archways. I '
              'think this is supposed to emphasize the difference way that '
              'local and national governments look at things. If so, it is a '
              'very nice conceit.',
 'tt5929654': 'Nothing special here, just boring and cheesy. Most of the '
              'actors phoned it in.',
 'tt5934728': '4 stars out of 10. The acting is too melodramatic, and the '
              "music amplified this artificial tone. I couldn't engage in the "
              'characters and gave up after 15-20 minutes. The story line '
              'seemed interesting but was a bit complex for a 93 minute movie. '
              'For viewers more open minded or gifted than I, the movie might '
              'be worth watching. It had fewer than 5 IMDb ratings before I '
              'added mine. Two other Netflix reviewers liked it, assigning 4 '
              'stars and 5 stars out of 5.',
 'tt5938816': 'Fantastic found footage horror, first in Chinese film history\n'
              'Genius, tight script, clean realistic story that just makes '
              'sense. Put all other horror films with nonsense stories to '
              'shame.\n'
              'sensational atmospheric horror, best i have seen in years.\n'
              'acting were natural, realistic and to the point.\n'
              'One of better Chinese films out there.',
 'tt5955834': 'Everyone except the driver of the black car was a blank wooden '
              'face. The plot is bad.',
 'tt5956006': "It's not as good as the previous episodes. This is just "
              'average. Everything is mediocre and a lot of scenes made me '
              'yawn...',
 'tt5962096': 'When I saw this on television, they just called it "Candy '
              'Planet" so I was kind of weirded out by the jungle characters '
              "but now I know it's a sequel, I can factor them in.That was the "
              'least of this movies worries though. I can believe China could '
              'create a magnificent and lyrical animated movie maybe sort of '
              'like Takahata, but they have tried the American style of '
              'animated movie. Now, the American style is great, but it works '
              "best when you're just working in your element, this movie "
              'appears to be more strictly imitive of what these Sinitic '
              'executives think mainstream animated movie should look like. '
              'And this is one for particularly small kids.You know how the '
              'Emoji Movie just sort of felt like a mobile phone game for most '
              'of its runtime? Well imagine that without the sense that it was '
              'written by professionals. The main characters in this do one '
              "Candy Crush style task after another and don't really question "
              'it. Our Antagonist is even stranger, he has some pretty '
              "abstract motivations that come in line with the movie's "
              'attempted theme of love and family and it is hilarious how '
              'badly handled it is.I saw a dubbed version and it feels dubbed. '
              'I suspect the original had so much untranslatable word play '
              'that they tried to compensate by shoving in a pun whereever '
              'they could: typical dialogue: "you donuts do not know who '
              'you\'re dealing with".These characters have no lucidity about '
              'how lame their jokes are.I like the kitsch visual style, '
              'capturing that intentionally addictive Candy Crush aesthetic '
              'though it can get a but much.There are three things I really '
              'like about the movie:1) Rainie. She is a delightful heroin with '
              'a fresh personality. Her character animation including her rich '
              'facial expressions, carried this movie a long way.2) The jaw '
              'dropping shoddiness of the script. You watch with that "I could '
              'have written this" amazement. Seriously, That "I hate '
              'everything" guy needs a look at this.3) At least one sort of '
              'good twist.This is the least "popular" thing on my whole watch '
              'list or it was and there is a good reason no one ended up '
              'really talking about it.',
 'tt5974624': 'In moonlight reflected on a remote mountain lake, the lime and '
              'lemon tinted steppes and snowy mountain twilight of Tibet, '
              'there is a thin line between what is magic and what is real. A '
              'mountain man, Tabei, is revived from the dead and sent on a '
              'quest to return a sacred Dzi bead and revive his troubled soul '
              'in the process. The road he must travel, in his heart as well '
              'as the mountains, is plagued by demons. To make matters worse, '
              'Tabei is pursued by treasure hunters with eyes on the Dzi bead '
              "and brothers bent on revenge for their father's death at the "
              "hands of Tabei's father. Fortunately for Tabei, there are "
              'protective figures along these roads as well as demented ones. '
              "Tabei's epic route of self-discovery and heart cleansing, "
              'connects him with the beautiful landscape, people, stories and '
              'invisible worlds of Tibet.The film crew captured the fantastic '
              'Tibetan landscape footage from camping in the wilderness. The '
              'remote scenery is very impressive and beautiful. The attractive '
              'actors in colorful traditional garb are wondrously illuminated '
              'in soft and natural light. Some of the scenes, a campfire on a '
              'moonlit mountain lake in particular, were irresistibly '
              'resplendent and made me long to visit the settings. Despite '
              'some awkward transitions and acting, and a little personal '
              'confusion about Tibetan culture, Soul on a String is lyrical '
              'and gorgeous to witness. Seen at the 2016 Toronto International '
              'Film Festival.',
 'tt5987992': 'It was very emotional, very exciting, and very good.\n'
              'This was overall, a pretty amazing movie!\n'
              'It was not at all what I was expecting, and it left me '
              'pleasantly surprised.',
 'tt5991440': '"The young swordsman (Nicholas Tse) only for the completion of '
              "the master's last wish before his death - to find ancient "
              'Central Plains nine left enduring famous sword, from the north '
              'to the Central Plains Penglai. Prior to submission of the court '
              'already Martial Shandong, Qingping swordsman." While I '
              "appreciate the oft-humor of Aslish and don't wish to appear "
              "disparaging... I can't even decipher this for editing. Google "
              'Translate could have done better (or is that what they '
              'used?).Didn\'t watch this, didn\'t make it past the "summary", '
              "didn't rate it one way or the other. I might make it worth my "
              'time when the releasing company makes a readable summary worth '
              'their time. ; )',
 'tt5992138': 'Action followed by long periods of nothing happening. This '
              'movie does not know what it wants to be, a tragic romance, a '
              '30s gangster film or a one against many martial arts film. It '
              "doesn't succeed at any of those. It starts out as a sort of "
              'historical drama/action film, then looks like a 30s gangster '
              'film, then becomes a pentagonal romance of sorts. Then there is '
              'some action, then nothing, then action and tragedy at the same '
              'time. There is some sort of historical reference in the movie, '
              'but it is not an important point. Since the movie allegedly '
              "takes place in the 30s, at least that's when I think it's "
              'supposed to take place, judging from the machine guns all over '
              'the place. This movie is just not interesting, it is almost '
              "incoherent, the villain is played by an actor who's main moves "
              'are putting his hat on, taking it off and lowering his head '
              'slightly. The female leads Guli NaZha and Choo Ja-Hyun are good '
              'looking and believable. So is Zitao Huang as Jie. Peter Ho '
              "asZiHao is OK as long as it's action and not acting he's doing. "
              'He also looked much better with the beard and scruffy hair he '
              'had at the beginning of the movie. Anyway, I am surprised that '
              'I watched the whole thing without falling asleep.',
 'tt6013920': 'The awakening of the workers at the bottom . From being willing '
              'to engage in low-end painters to painters yearning for free '
              "creation . It must be a long way. A big probability won't "
              'happen. But its courage is admirable.',
 'tt6015706': 'The fight scene between Tyson & Seagal was so bad, I literally '
              'cringed as I watched it. The actual film was terrible, I was '
              'willing for it to finish - what can I say the acting was bad, '
              'plot bad: Occasionally there is a film so bad you laugh this '
              'does not even fall into that category it was terrible.',
 'tt6033150': 'There is enough plot here to fill 3 separate movies. What '
              'starts out with 2 twins trying to extort money from a soccer '
              'player with a kidnap scheme, soon becomes a Hannibal Lector & '
              'Clarice Starling chess game movie then becomes a domestic '
              'terrorism bomb hunt movie then finally a gangster Raid movie. '
              'Make of that what you will.',
 'tt6044910': 'As well-intentioned as his inspirational youth cycling drama '
              "'To the Fore' may have been, we'd much prefer Dante Lam's "
              "character-driven yet action-packed cop dramas 'The Stool "
              "Pigeon', 'Beast Stalker' and even the under-appreciated 'That "
              "Demon Within'. It should therefore be relief to his fans that "
              'Lam is returning to familiar territory with his latest, based '
              "upon the Chinese government's response to the real-life "
              "incident often referred to as the 'Mekong River Massacre' in "
              'which a special narcotics investigation was assembled to enter '
              'the Golden Triangle to arrest the notorious drug lord Naw Khar '
              'and his compatriots responsible for the killing of 13 Chinese '
              'fishermen and crew on board two merchant vessels. And true '
              "enough, Lam does not disappoint – not only does 'Operation "
              "Mekong' represent his return to large-scale hyper- kinetic "
              'action cinema, it is his most ambitiously action-packed movie '
              'ever and will quite likely be one of the best action movies '
              "you'll see this year.True to its title, the focus is on the "
              'covert operation led by Captain Gao Gang (Zhang Hanyu), a '
              'no-nonsense hard-nosed anti-narcotics officer handpicked by the '
              'Home Affairs Minister. Except for an opening prologue that '
              'tells of the devastating impact of the drug habit in Chinese '
              'society and introduces the Golden Triangle as a key producer of '
              'the narcotics, there is no attempt at social commentary. Nor '
              'does the film try to portray the politics involved, aside from '
              'mentioning the multi- national task force that was set up among '
              'China and the three aforementioned Southeast Asian nations in '
              'the days following the massacre to conduct joint patrols of the '
              'Golden Triangle and the titular river. Whether to avoid '
              'becoming propaganda or risk becoming a flashpoint in complex '
              'geopolitics, Lam and his four co-writers steer clear of the '
              'vagaries surrounding the unilateral move by the Chinese '
              'government to sanction its officers sent under the guise of the '
              'multi- national task force to bring the criminals to face trial '
              'back in China than in any of the other countries.Brought to the '
              'fore (pun intended) instead is the intricacies of the '
              "operation, as Gao's elite squad teams up with locally based "
              'intelligence officer Fang Xinwu (Eddie Peng) to identify the '
              "location of Naw Khar's base deep in the jungles of the Golden "
              'Triangle Special Region. That entails trying to rescue one of '
              "Naw Khar's men Yan Taung Pha responsible for setting up the "
              'deal that led to the massacre, which inadvertently exposes '
              "Xinwu's informant Gong Chai; when that fails, posing as a rich "
              "businessman looking to use Naw Khar's drugs to complement a new "
              "casino venture; and by doing so, getting closer to Naw Khar's "
              'inner circle, in particular his son Naw Htuu, to extract that '
              'crucial piece of information in order to apprehend Naw Khar. '
              'Each one of these three new leads is opportunity for Lam to '
              'stage a high-octane action set-piece (with impressive direction '
              'by Tung Wai) – first, a breathless foot chase through a '
              'claustrophobic market and a busy train station that turns into '
              'a jaw-dropping car chase complete with gunfights and RPGs; '
              'then, a shootout in a crowded mall which ensues in mass chaos '
              "and a tragic outcome for one of Gao's men; and finally, the "
              "all-out assault on Naw Khar's jungle lair that culminates in a "
              "spectacular boat chase along the Mekong River. Lam's insistence "
              'on realism, whether in terms of sets or props, ensures that '
              'every one of these elaborate sequences looks, sounds and feels '
              'real and thrilling. Coupled with that is his flair for build-up '
              '– prior to the mall shootout for instance are gripping parallel '
              'theatres of events, one led by Gao masquerading as businessman '
              "Mr Qian meeting Naw Khar's number- three Ya Ta and the other "
              "led by Gao's man Wenfeng trailing the bag of money used for the "
              'exchange – which accentuates the tension and sheer '
              'white-knuckle suspense of each major sequence.Compromised in '
              'the process is character detail or development, which frankly '
              'is somewhat of a pity. The most we learn about Gao aside from '
              'his solid leadership of his team is through a few occasional '
              'scenes where he looks at videos of his young daughter and one '
              'where he shares with Xinwu that the tolls of his job have led '
              'to his divorce years earlier. Xinwu gets a tragic backstory '
              'with Xing Deng which leads to questions about his ability to '
              'remain objective during the operation, but that little history '
              "hardly builds to anything compelling. The rest of Gao's team "
              'are defined only by their unique skills as well as by their '
              'Greek God-code names. There are also no shades of good and evil '
              'here, such that Gao and his men are uniformly heroes whereas '
              'Naw Phar – depicted as an over-the-top villain who snorts '
              'heroin and laughs when his child soldiers blow their own brains '
              'out playing Russian roulette – is unquestionably to be '
              'despised.There is never any doubt that Lam has set out to make '
              'a wall-to-wall action movie, and on that count, he succeeds '
              'tremendously. Mind you, this is not some Hollywood B-movie, but '
              'one where every gunfight, car chase and explosion is '
              'choreographed with panache, adding up beautifully to a single '
              'movie that has nary a dull moment. Unlike his peers who have '
              "taken on similar subjects (such as Johnnie To in 'Drug War' or "
              "Derek Yee in 'Protégé'), Lam isn't taken so much by the "
              'fallouts of the drug business or its victims – notwithstanding '
              'the brief nod to the limbless villagers punished for disobeying '
              "Naw Khar's orders – as he is on the complexities and minutiae "
              'of the clandestine operation that helped bring to justice one '
              'of the biggest criminal kingpins in the Golden Triangle. If you '
              "accept 'Operation Mekong' on its terms, you'll find this one of "
              'the most exhilarating movies of the year, an accomplishment '
              "which cements Lam's reputation as the foremost Hong Kong "
              'director for big-scale action cinema.',
 'tt6047232': 'This is an enjoyable and spooky ghost story, also standing in '
              "as a timepiece to late 1980's China (story takes place in "
              'Beijing). It A successfully uses atmospherics to add to the '
              'plot.\n'
              'On a film shoot to record the sound of the lead actress walking '
              'up a flight of stairs, the sound engineer notices voices in the '
              'background. The lead actress, who is psychic, also picks it up '
              'and discover a sealed subbasement which was the site of a '
              'murder, concealed to appear like a suicide.\n'
              'The twist ending allowed the entire movie to get past '
              'government censors which do not allow for supernatural stories '
              'in the media.',
 'tt6050658': "If it hadn't been for ruffin's death, the movie would never "
              'have had a chance to be shown in theaters!What are these? '
              'Wulitou is not wulitou, comedy is not funny, is the adventure '
              'of the indiana Jones, is an insult to the four words of the '
              'adventure!Such a piece of junk is also paid to sing songs of '
              'praise, really shameless to the extreme, better than the '
              'movie!Chen guantai worthy of his generation of martial arts '
              "small name?The director doesn't know anything about comedy, he "
              "doesn't know anything about movies! The fight, which could have "
              'been a lot of fun and show character and relationship, was '
              'ruined by the inexplicable fast camera. Play zombie scary this '
              'can also play very enjoyable, and was ruined. Writers and '
              "directors don't know what a comedy is!",
 'tt6054290': 'One of the ways I know a film is good enough for me to find the '
              'best words to adorn it is the feel of it the morning after. A '
              'good film should be a full emotional experience that you would '
              'find it difficult to let go off. It should create a warm hold '
              'on our feelings because through the course of the film we have '
              'unknowingly become a member of a family. Last night, we lived a '
              "lifetime with Qiyue and Ansheng. The story couldn't be more "
              'cloying and overly familiar. Stories like this come a dime in a '
              'dozen, but this one is buoyed by the sured hands of debut '
              'director Derek Tsang (the son of screen veteran Eric Tsang), an '
              'inspired adapted screenplay, crisp editing, superb '
              'cinematography, a great soundtrack, and an outstanding sense of '
              "place and time. However, all these are naught if it doesn't get "
              'the casting right and right it so marvellously did. In the '
              "course of Qiyue and Ansheng's story, it is difficult to see any "
              'other actresses play their roles. Zhou Dongyu and Ma Sichun are '
              'born to play the roles and all the other parts they had played '
              'prior to this are just rehearsals for this. These are career '
              'defining roles and from this moment onwards, whether who will '
              "win the Golden Horse Award doesn't matter, because their stars "
              'are going supernova. This film lives or dies at the hands of '
              'these two actresses and both of them made it soar higher than '
              "it would want to admit. IMHO the key to the film's structure is "
              'not about their relationship but how it lulls us into feeling '
              'it is about a relationship between us and both the girls. Who '
              "wouldn't want to have a soul mate like how it is depicted, not "
              'wishy washy with quick superficial emotions, but '
              'heart-wrenchingly hurtful and yet forgivingly embracing.. Their '
              'character arcs are superbly rendered with an awesome twist that '
              'felt totally earned. For me, the experience plays more like a '
              'spiritual experience than like a movie, maybe because I love '
              "deep friendships like this that I know can't happen. Feted with "
              'seven Golden Horse nominations, including nominations for both '
              'actresses, director, screenplay, make-up, song and editing, my '
              'money is on Zhou Dongyu for a heartfelt performance. Her '
              'dismissive laugh hides a soul in turmoil so beautifully. My '
              'affection for good films usually grows with familiarity, as it '
              "does with music and literature. That's why I can watch a good "
              'film again and again and relive the same experience without any '
              'dilution in intensity. I have a feeling that Soul Mate has '
              'found itself in this category.Edit: Both actresses were '
              'rewarded with the Best Actress award. This is such wonderful '
              'news. It will be so cruel if only one got it for what are both '
              'towering performances.',
 'tt6067136': 'The straight-forward first 45 minutes is ponderous, vague, and '
              'a chore to sit through, as I started clock watching, getting '
              'irritated by these obnoxious characters, and their actions, '
              'wondering if I was wasting my time. While the second 45 goes '
              '360 degrees uping the ante, becoming urgent and providing '
              'dagger moments leading to a symbolic cultural reveal that does '
              'a total backflip on what I initially thought. It does '
              'complicate things, maybe even cheats the viewer, but I kind of '
              "dug it, because it went somewhere I didn't expect to go. Does "
              "it make sense.. didn't bother me. It was somewhat different. "
              'Surprising though, after what we got from the first half, yet '
              "it's still your average Chinese ghost film filled with idol "
              'chat, questionable decisions, investigating, hiding and '
              'running. Rinse and repeat.The story follows a group of friends '
              'on their way to a wedding, when they come across a fatal car '
              "accident on the highway. Since they don't want to be late, they "
              "decide to leave as if they didn't know anything of it. This is "
              'where the bad luck begins, first their vehicle breaks down, '
              "secondly there's no one to be found in the nearby roadside "
              'restaurants/stores and thirdly, no phone reception. However '
              "there's something supernatural at work, which doesn't want them "
              'to leave alive.How things play out is your typical resentful '
              'wraith picking off selfish characters (outside the main '
              'protagonist), one-by-one, in mostly tame, repetitive off-screen '
              'deaths, where it cuts away with the victim screaming (at least, '
              'in the first half). In glimpses, we see the long black hair, '
              'covering the face, pale skin, the white gown, as this ghost '
              'appears, and disappears, from behind, from above, tormenting '
              'the victims, lights start flickering, for darkness to engulf, '
              'her victims frozen in fear, once she gets them, the aftermath '
              "isn't pretty. The second half provides more of the same, but "
              'there are few less annoying characters (alive) and better '
              'set-ups of a decent shock or two (the best involving white '
              "sheets and wire).There's a real glassy sensibility from its "
              'execution, a slight premise punctuated by jump scares over '
              "chills, which only seems to take away from the location's "
              'forlorn nighttime atmosphere. For some I can see it getting '
              "old, pretty quick, it's predictable, until it comes to its "
              'close.',
 'tt6067462': 'COCK AND BULL is a low key crime film from mainland China, shot '
              'well enough and with a quirky enough, blackly comic tone to '
              'keep you watching even if the running time is a bit on the '
              'lengthy side. The story follows an inept assassin as he tracks '
              'down his latest victim in a run-down industrialised landscape, '
              'only to end up killing the wrong man. The story subsequently '
              'develops, following three separate characters through an absurd '
              'situation. There are some Tarantino-style quirks and twists in '
              'the non-linear narrative which reminded me of PULP FICTION, but '
              'the photography is good and the set-pieces engaging. The three '
              'main actors also work hard to invest you in their unlikely '
              "characters, and it's one of those films which becomes more "
              'involving the longer it goes on.',
 'tt6074202': 'City Radio talk show host of "Passing Through Your World" Chen '
              'Mo (Chao Deng)—in China surnames come first—advises people on '
              'their problems. A female caller complains of being lonely on '
              "her birthday. He tells her she shouldn't be; millions of people "
              'all over the world are sharing the same birthday with her. She '
              'is not alone. His female co-host (Baihe Bai?) calls it quits '
              '("It\'s break up.") He helps all kinds of people with their '
              'problems. Who is going to help him?After two years of '
              'diminishing ratings, nobody will co-host with him \x85'
              ' except for one fresh intern Yao Ji (Tianai Zhang) ("I\'m '
              'Birdie.") For all her self-efface\xadmeant, she manages to '
              '"erupt with unexpected elegance" when he gets in a bind.His '
              'best friend "Chubby" Zhu Tou (Yu Yunpeng) after yearning '
              'greatly for the prettiest girl in college Li Zhi, seizes an '
              'opportunity to help her finish and graduate, earning her '
              'appreciation if not out\xadright obligation.Female beat cop Yan '
              'Zi (Liu Yan) spends her days chasing petty miscreants and '
              'dreaming of promotion until one day by mistake she chases a '
              'nerd Mao Shiba (Yang Yang) whose only contraband was used '
              'electronic junk he collected to recycle. In his nerdy way he '
              'was afraid and ran on account of her being so pretty. Having '
              'similar minimal relation\xadship experience, they hook up with '
              'each other. He loves her extravagantly ("Such devotion to Yan '
              'Zi") with home\xadmade gizmos and gadgets, which may sound '
              'corny, but he really puts him\xadself into it.Add some '
              'financial troubles at the station, a stern female program '
              'director Xiao Rong (Dun Juan), and a fading dear mother Madame '
              "Liu, and we've got all the makings of a fine drama.The title "
              '"I Belonged to You" may be misleading in English. The tense of '
              'Chinese verbs can be a bit ambiguous, may even have elements of '
              'past, present, and future all at once. Maybe the oriental view '
              'of time is different than in the west. How\xadever that may be, '
              'we have in one movie here three couples who will end up, when '
              'the credits roll, in a relation\xadship either in the past, '
              'present or future. The challenge is to figure out which one '
              'will be which, and thanks to some clever writing it may not be '
              'the ones you expect."I Belong" has all the hallmarks of a '
              'Chinese drama film. The tears on their occasion are copious, '
              "and the declarations of love effusive. It's a triple romance "
              'with no mushy stuff. One couple goes so far as to discuss '
              'intimacy in a relation\xadship, but only indirectly. The '
              'callers, on the other hand, are direct to the point of being '
              'shocking. The film itself is rated PG in Canada (British '
              'Columbia) & Singapore.Chinese is a simpler language than '
              "English, so the subtitles seem to go by too fast when you're "
              "trying to follow writing that's more complex than the spoken "
              'parts. The scenery captured on film is at times '
              "breath\xadtaking. There's some brief but decisive martial arts "
              'thrown in from a surprising quarter. The male leads (nerd, '
              'slob, and fatso) are made to look different enough for a '
              'western eye to tell them apart, and one of the women is always '
              "seen in a fetching uniform.I'm a Chinese film aficionado to the "
              'point of having taken a couple years of Mandarin Chinese just '
              'so I can understand the movies better. I just love this stuff. '
              'The acting did not suggest any Oscars, to be sure, but it was '
              'done well done enough for an enjoyable viewing experience. Some '
              'few scenes put the strain on suspension of disbelief, but we '
              'were able to pass on them due to the pleasure of the plot. '
              'Screen\xadwriter Zhang Jiajia appears fleetingly towards the '
              'end of the credits.',
 'tt6075750': 'For the bubble summer, I watched the TV series, the books and '
              'then the movies.Exm? I accepted the TV series, although it is '
              'not a boutique, but at least it has a little bit to do with the '
              'original. This movie is all about making money off of IP. But '
              'the director miscalculated. Yellow this web celebrity identity '
              'gave too many reasons not to see, again with the original Yin '
              'xia mei this character difference, the original in the summer '
              'foam is strong, from the inside out of the indifferent, oh oh '
              'you make a silly white sweet to tell me the connotation. And lo '
              'zhongqian, yes, if he goes back 10 years, he is very suitable '
              'for the role of ou Chen, I have no problem with lo zhongqian, I '
              'just have a problem with the director. Still have yan yuhao, it '
              'is the luo xi that plays the beauty not square thing in the '
              "novel, you feel so feel, but acting I really can't "
              "compliment...All right, it's upside down, and the plot. It's a "
              'shame this movie manages to be worse than the worst. A new suit '
              'of clothes a day for men is rich, so a suit of clothes a day '
              'for women is what, in the original novel she is Cinderella OK? '
              'The hero in the original is very cold, but she pointed to the '
              'nose like a dog chasing...... She just and men two good on was '
              'dumped, and then directly seamless switch to the men and tying '
              'of the emotional line, the director is how much want to shoot '
              'tying into green tea?In general will be offline for physical '
              'and mental health do not watch',
 'tt6083388': "I don't often watch historical Chinese movie but with God of "
              'War(2017) it a different story.Directed by Gordon Chan starring '
              'Sammo Hung,Wenzhuo Zhao and a handful of talented actors God of '
              'War deliver anything you want from a epic historical movie.The '
              'stand alone fight scene is well choreographed and the big '
              'action set pieces scene is just so bloody and brutal.Many fan '
              'of Sammo Hung will disappointed with this movie cause the real '
              'star is Wenzhuo Zhao when he sold the role as a brave general '
              'that also very afraid of his wife.It not the best movie China '
              'can offer but in the meantime it sure gonna entertain many '
              'people.Strongly suggest watch on theater',
 'tt6090264': 'This documentary did a really great job at making contrasts '
              'between modernity and agricultural life. A dreamlike product in '
              'the developed countries becomes wasted and is shipped to a '
              'former small agricultural village in China. People there wanted '
              'to thrive someday by decomposing the wastes. The packages and '
              'publications from the waste make them dream. Kids made '
              'themselves capes , computers and auto shows, and the "boss" '
              'wanted to buy a dream car in the future. The poison we '
              'considered in the cities becomes their bed for sweet dream.  It '
              'is beyond my imagination and keeps me rethink the recycling '
              'industry because it can transfer the damage to other countries '
              'to recycle and claim that the product is environmentally '
              'friendly without seeing the actual recycle process. But at the '
              'same time it is also an industry depend on wastes and it is on '
              'which people live. This documentary really raised a dilemma: '
              "How could we make the protagonists' life better? Should we cut "
              'down this kind of industry? However as the Kun said:" I don\'t '
              'have other skills. I do it for living." then, should we produce '
              'more wastes? \n'
              'Do they have to live like this?',
 'tt6091936': 'This movie is enjoyable from the first scene to the last, '
              'surprising considering that most "gamer" movies tend to fizzle '
              'out about half way through. The main character Bei Weiwei '
              '(Angelababy / Angela Yeung Wing) could not have been played '
              'better. Angelababy is cast in a very feminine and cute role, '
              'but brings out the strength, character and competence of both '
              'the real life and game life of Bei. Boran Jing does a good job '
              'of playing the reserved and stoic role of Xiao Nai, the #1 '
              'player in the game. Both players and their avatars are '
              'realistically portrayed in a splendid mix of fantasy and '
              'reality.Although cliché, I enjoyed the special way this movie '
              'often combined the real world with the game world (although one '
              'scene featuring portals on a bridge jumped the shark a bit). '
              'Despite the gamer/fantasy setting of the virtual world, the '
              'fantasy characters and "real life" character both are played '
              'very well. The supporting characters are somewhat cliché as '
              'well, though acted well enough. The fact that the movie '
              'requires the supporting characters mostly as comic relief and '
              'moral support is the one weakness of the story-line, although '
              'that is forgivable considering the genre. An Asian movie '
              'without such characters would be somewhat of an unexpected '
              'let-down.The story-line is not strong, but strong enough to '
              'both keep the viewer entertained and present a morality play as '
              "well. It's nice to see a movie that doesn't take tired, "
              'over-used side-trips during the main plot. The developing '
              'romance between the online avatars and the unwitting Weiwei is '
              "enjoyable to watch from the spectator's seat. Much in this is "
              "predictable but enjoyable nonetheless.It's not a perfect film, "
              'nor a tear-jerker or film of the year. It just a very enjoyable '
              'romantic gamer film with excellent special effects and a script '
              'that for once succeeds in an over-used and often-abused genre. '
              'If you can understand the concept of mixing gaming and romance '
              'I fully expect you will enjoy this film very much.',
 'tt6096894': 'I thought the movie was rather interesting.. I watched it by '
              "accident but once it started, i couldn't stop. it had a lot of "
              'turns and twists. A bit predictable at the beginning but rolls '
              'on to a lot of substance. It could be a movie to relax with '
              'depending on the mood, its also full of suspense and the ending '
              'leaves you with a sort of satisfaction.',
 'tt6099304': 'Set in north-east China during midwinter, this low-budget film, '
              'featuring non-professional actors is, despite its almost '
              'glacial pace, very moving and effective. The film tells the '
              'story of Old Liu, a septuagenarian whose closest, and perhaps '
              'only, friend is his similarly slow-moving and placid ox. '
              'Cheated out of his home by his selfish and greedy son and his '
              'vicious daughter-in-law, Old Liu finds himself relying on the '
              'support of his other children in order to survive the winter. '
              'Unfortunately, he finds very little help there and soon finds '
              'himself eking out a miserable existence in a run-down '
              'shack.Despite the sombre tone of the story, first-time '
              'writer-director Peng Shigang manages to include some wry social '
              'observation and dark humour to leaven proceedings. The graceful '
              'and clean cinematography also manages to find many moments of '
              'fleeting beauty in the ostensibly dismal and wintry '
              'landscape.The tale is told in a simple and elemental style that '
              'nicely matches the character of Old Liu himself. It has a lot '
              'to say about selfishness, greed and filial responsibility. The '
              'stoic and uncomplaining central character facing escalating '
              'travails with hardly a complaint reminded me quite a bit of the '
              "tone of Yimou Zhang's 'To Live' and both films share many "
              "themes. While this film doesn't quite reach the heights of "
              "Zhang's masterpiece, and not many films do, it's well worth "
              'watching.',
 'tt6128782': 'Adapted by Feng Mei, a Best Screenplay Award winner of 62nd '
              'Cannes Film Festival, this ordinary seemingly small tale '
              'written by one of the most significant figures of 20th-century '
              'Chinese literature,Lao She,was not only a story of a farm '
              'manager dealing with livelihood during war time in 1940, but '
              'also a portrait of the contemporary Chinese society. The film '
              'contains massive full shots, making the spectator feel like '
              'watching Beijing opera,and most actors are rural folks without '
              'professional training. Slow and flat as it is, the interaction '
              "between the farm manager,who's smooth and slick in establishing "
              'social relations, the brazen self-called artist, the decent '
              'successor manager,and those negligent lazy fellows is indeed '
              'humorous,ironic,subtle,yet sharply points out the '
              'sophistication problems of the Chinese society. The leading '
              'actor Wei Fan described the characters as "Still waters run '
              'deep", every single person in this film simply represents each '
              'specific class of society, struggling within their strength '
              'just to survive in this seemingly ordinary farm while everyone '
              'spilling with those words "No problem".',
 'tt6138688': 'Although there are quite numbers of negative reviews on this '
              "movie (mostly about the novel plagiarism which I don't think it "
              'should stop people from watching this movie who already bought '
              'the copyright legally from the author), I choose to walk into '
              'the cinema as I only trust my own eyes and listen to my own '
              'hearts. Overall, this movie is worth watching with very '
              'beautiful scenes, costumes, BGM, CGI, good looking actors and '
              'actresses. The acting skills of Yang Yang and Crystal Liu are '
              'also impressive especially on those sad scenes. However, some '
              'of the scenes jump a bit sudden without good transition. '
              'Audiences who have never read the novels or series might not be '
              'able to enjoy the movie much. Hence, some points are cut '
              'because of the film editing.',
 'tt6144410': 'The film is divided into a dozen chapters for no apparent '
              'reason. The meaning of the film was definitely above my pay '
              "grade and it wasn't interesting enough for me to make an effort "
              'to try to figure it out, even with the bikini shave. The '
              'production makes numerous pop culture, film, and book '
              'references as if the scriptwriter was an educated man on acid '
              'because they were not tied together in any way that made sense. '
              'The "No Exit" sign made me think this was existential, and in '
              'fact, it may be as all the filming was done in a '
              'basement.Guide: F-word. explicit sex talk. Nudity.',
 'tt6148782': 'Saw this movie yesterday (it was screened in London as an entry '
              "in the Longon Film Festival). It's hilarious, so I hope it "
              'becomes available to a wider audience soon - most probably in '
              'digital format as the director said during the Q&A. The '
              'exchanges between Big Wong and his son Little Wong are '
              'priceless, but the rest of the cast are spot on as well.',
 'tt6150988': "It's simply amazing how this film has executed nearly all movie "
              'keylines!I only wished there was a sequel! Dang!!\n'
              "Lin Qiunan's acting was superb, along with his friends (dragon "
              'boys). It was cool how they practically filmed his daily life, '
              'slapped it all into one movie, and made it a hit in China! This '
              'boy is incredibly talented, his acting and taekwondo was '
              'projected so well through this movie, allowing the produces '
              'perfect execution along what they were trying to project. I '
              "highly recommend watching this movie, it's in English Subtitles "
              "so it's perfect for people who can't understand Chinese. You "
              'can really understand and admire the true emotion that the '
              'actors submit in this movie. Please, please watch this '
              "movie!It's truly amazing! The kids in it act so well, and it's "
              'well drawn for the plot and story lines that are to come within '
              'this movie, along with the acting from the adults as well. '
              "There's no difference, it's pure talent.Jesse",
 'tt6152908': 'BUDDIES IN INDIA is a dumber-than-dumb mainland Chinese comedy '
              'that was written by, directed by, and stars Wang Baoqiang. I '
              'think he bit off more than he can chew this time around, '
              'because this feels like an attempt to recapture the magic of '
              "DETECTIVE CHINATOWN - which I enjoyed - but it doesn't come "
              "close. It's more like Jackie Chan's KUNG YU YOGA but even worse "
              'than that movie. The whole thing is just another example of the '
              'goofy Chinese buddy-buddy movie, set in a sweltering India, '
              'where the two leads are constantly chased and fighting with '
              'randomly introduced characters. There are random references to '
              'the Monkey King, some bad CGI, and plenty of wirework, but no '
              "funny scenes and no good action. It's just way too over the "
              'top.',
 'tt6157600': 'Imagine throwing up your lunch, and looking down at the result. '
              "That's basically what Ringo Lam's 2016 Chinese action flick Sky "
              'on Fire is; a collection of random pieces churned together '
              'without an ounce of cleverness, the result leaving me '
              'speechless - and not in a good way. Though his last foray, Wild '
              'City, was arguably sensational, and kept me rooted to the spot, '
              'Sky on Fire is an absolute insult to humanity - yes, it is that '
              "ridiculous.Don't get me wrong...the car chases are "
              'magnificently choreographed, with enough staged crashes and '
              'smashes to get your heart racing. The musical score, from its '
              'sweeping melodies to its beating drums is great, and if the '
              'film had any idea what it actually wanted to accomplish, the '
              'music would have made it that much more captivating. The '
              'computer generated effects are continuous, and though they are '
              '*ahem* obviously fake, they sure are pretty.Daniel Wu stars as '
              'Tianbo, the security chief at Sky One, a massive pharmaceutical '
              'corporation, where Dr Yu (the lovely Zhang Jingchu) has '
              'successfully developed the cure to cancer, using ex-stem cells '
              '(no idea what the "ex" means). Unfortunately, the stem cells '
              'are stolen, during a not-so-daring robbery by a gang of '
              'miscreants led by Ziwan (Zhang Ruo Yun), who spends most of the '
              "film looking as though he has no idea what's going on. Don't "
              'worry Zhang - I feel your pain. From tracking down the '
              "'masterminds' (dripping with sarcasm I'm afraid) of the heist, "
              'to uncovering a slew of underwhelming conspiracies, Wu and the '
              'rest of the cast spend much of the film holding guns to each '
              "other's heads and shouting, the occasional fisticuffs looking "
              'like something ripped out of Team America. You would think with '
              'so many guns, someone might actually think to, well, shoot one, '
              'something that is rarely the case.Somehow, Jia (Chang '
              'Hsaio-Chaun) and his sister Jane (Amber Kuo), become embroiled '
              'in this affair. In the opening of the film, we discover Jane '
              'spontaneously, without explanation, has cancer, Jia sacrificing '
              "everything to save her. All the while, Yu's husband, Tang (Yao "
              'Fan-Kuang), the owner of the conglomerate, uses his personal '
              'lapdog Wolf (Li Haitao) to control the situation, his own '
              "agenda in mind.On paper, this almost sounds sane - it's the "
              'execution that is beyond acceptable. The aforementioned cast '
              'are just a small sample of the many faces that appear, not one '
              'of them receiving sufficient characterisation for us to '
              'understand their motives. We occasionally receive glimpses, in '
              'the form of convoluted flashbacks; example, melodramatic scenes '
              "of Tianbo's late wife, though how this relates to the plot, or "
              'his character, who seldom seems in mourning, is beyond me. On '
              'other occasions, Sky on Fire reveals too much, spoiling the '
              "story by revealing the villain halfway through.Don't even get "
              "me started on the dialogue. One moment it's pseudoscientific; "
              "the next it's so awkwardly tacky I wouldn't be surprised if it "
              "attracts its own face palm memes; the next, it's poetic. There "
              'is no rhyme or reason for any of it, Zhang Jingchu being '
              'perhaps the only actor who can emotionally empower the '
              'otherwise shameful script (I genuinely mean this as a '
              'compliment). Occasionally, Lam discusses the preciousness of '
              'life, an idea which seems in direct contrast with money, these '
              'been two of the central themes which very rarely work, click or '
              "do anything else.Finally, Lam's Sky on Fire has some good "
              'action scenes - perhaps he had some spare scenarios lying in '
              'his head, and threw them together, hoping for the best (which '
              'is a bit like me when I make dinner). Unfortunately, the end '
              "result is a punishingly bad film I wouldn't serve up to my "
              'worst enemy; to call it stupid would be an insult to every '
              'stupid film out there. Skip this if you can.',
 'tt6157626': 'Other reviewers will no doubt cover the nicer aspects of this '
              'film, most notably the overall aesthetics, cinematography, '
              'sound, and the performances of the two main characters, more '
              'elaborately and in greater detail than I will be able to, so '
              'please allow me to focus on the areas of this film where I '
              'think should have been better.The pacing after the promising '
              'first half-hour or so is sluggish at best, downright dreadful '
              'at worst. Knowing its runtime, I kept checking the watch to see '
              'where I was in the story, and I almost fell asleep twice '
              'between 30min to 1hr30min of this film.About 15-20 mins worth '
              'of footage can easily be cut out of this film with minimal '
              'impact on the story progression or the characters. Quite a few '
              'of the dialogue scenes in the middle part just seem to go on '
              'forever. One example: the Japanese monk tells our main '
              'protagonist Bai Juyi of his trip across the seas to visit the '
              'Tang Emprie. This takes place RIGHT AFTER about 3 mins of '
              'mind-numbing dialogue, and this not-very-useful reveal takes '
              'the audience next to a series of scenes taking up another '
              '3-5mins of runtime, scenes which depict his journey and which '
              'serve no other purpose whatsoever. This could have been done '
              'more cleverly with a flashback or two, each consisting only a '
              "few shots, with the monk's voiceover telling us the more "
              "important points. I don't know if the script was rushed during "
              'development or pre-production, (how can you rush the '
              'development?), but the dialogue scenes in Act I genuinely seems '
              "better written and more on point than later scenes.What's "
              'worse, the first Act sets up a rather epic fantasy tale full of '
              'suspense and action, an impression which is then gradually '
              'crushed within the next hour or so, and will leave audiences '
              'more accustomed to traditional Hollywood narrative cinema '
              "bitterly disappointed, or feeling misled. I'm not an action fan "
              'or a genre fan at all, but I fail to see the point of making a '
              'big budget CGI fest set in a fantasy version of ancient China, '
              'baiting us with lots of Hollywood style action and suspense '
              'building in the first 30-40 minutes or so (in a way reminiscent '
              'of the 1999 Mummy, or other similar creature features), and '
              'then leaving the rest of the film completely void of both '
              'action and suspense, where all the CGI seemed to have done was '
              'depicting banquets and minor characters performing minor '
              'tricks.Even I was bored with all the endless talking and '
              'disposition aka Chinese TV opera style narration that occupy '
              'more than half of this film, which is a complete waste of its '
              'big budget visual spectacles. I could have basically shut my '
              'eyes after the first Act, and would have gotten 90% of the '
              'story right just by listening to the endless dialogue and '
              "voiceover narrations. The storytelling, I'm afraid, simply "
              "isn't involving or engaging enough for me to care.This is not "
              'helped by the fact that our two main characters, who are really '
              'well set up and looked really promising, was forced into '
              'secondary status and were practically useless in the second '
              'half of the story, which is a shame for all the potential for a '
              'dynamic relationship that was wasted. Both of the two main '
              'characters received decent build-up in the first half, only for '
              'it to stop there like an unfinished project. This leads us to '
              'another important issue which this film unfortunately does not '
              'satisfy, and that is, a coherent structure that makes the '
              'entire two hour story an organic whole. Setting up a whole new '
              'set of characters, some of them absolutely crucial to the plot, '
              "only halfway through the film is a big risk, and I'm afraid it "
              "doesn't pay off in this film's case, or doesn't work as well as "
              'intended.*spoiler alert*\n'
              'Since at the core of the plot is a murder mystery, why would '
              'you leave our two "detectives" out of the solving of the '
              "mystery like this? This film makes this year's Murder on the "
              'Orient Express look like a detectie masterpiece, when it '
              'decides to just show the audience everything they have been '
              'asking themselves, plus everything they may have been '
              'wondering, plus everything they may not even aware are there, '
              'plus some things nobody asks for. The middle part really, '
              "really is too long for anyone who can't be satisfied by "
              'beautifully choreographed visuals alone. For the entire second '
              'half of the movie, our two main characters are just standing '
              'there at various scenes, witnessing flashbacks with the '
              'audience. They are passive, irrelevant, and useless, and this '
              'is such a waste to all the character building efforts in the '
              'first half.The film basically ends without even a perceivable '
              "climax, and I don't mean that there has to be a grand action "
              'set-piece near the end. I know the scene which you may think is '
              "the film's climax, but to me, it is simply insuffient, "
              'narratively, structurally, or emotionally.Ultimately, the story '
              'is rather similar to some of those ever-so-popular young adult '
              'Wuxia novels out there these days, where everybody is secretly '
              "in love with everybody else, where everyone and everyone's "
              'uncle have been harboring a secret identity/secret past, and '
              'artificial plot twists come in ever greater abundance the '
              'closer we get to the end.To summarize, this is a very good '
              'looking film with great visuals and sets, a very promising '
              'first Act, and then kind of falls apart halfway through when '
              'the film itself becomes a confusing mess of two timelines, two '
              'sets of characters, and many irrelevant plot points. 6/10. '
              "Okay, but could've been much better.",
 'tt6167014': "This is a tragedy of a 1940's Chinese feminist. And much more "
              'than that.Since the English subtitles are trash, and lack of '
              'some key info. To help to understand this film better, here are '
              'some backgrounds you should know:The story happened in '
              'mountainous China in the 1940s. When Chinese suffered from the '
              "Japan's invasion in WWII, in this undeveloped little village "
              'far away from the war, a group of idealists who share a dream '
              'of "educating every children in the rural China (like NCLB)" of '
              'whom each has their own problems back in the city, founded a '
              'primary school. They soon find themselves face a series of '
              'ethical dilemmas and suffer the consequences of the choices '
              "they've made. Lies between their campus and the nearest water "
              'source is an over 10 kilometers treacherous mountain road. A '
              'black donkey named "lv de shui" is essential for them to get '
              'enough water for drinking and domestic usage. The title of this '
              'film, Lv De Shui, in Chinese means the water-fetching donkey, '
              "which is the name of the donkey.But the school's budget "
              'proposal for keeping the donkey is denied by the government. So '
              'they fabricate a fake person named "Lv De Shui", as their '
              "school's English teacher, and use that freeloading money to "
              'cover their cost on the donkey. And one day, an official from '
              'the Ministry of Education came to inspect Mr. Lv De Shui, their '
              "English teacher...OK, that's as far as i can go without giving "
              'you any spoilers.This film gives you a stage-play feeling in '
              'cinematography and editing. The acting is quite convincing and '
              'genuine. And hats off to the cinematographer, Mr. Jong Lin. The '
              'color use in the film is bold yet beautiful. And the theme '
              'song, I love it.This is an ambitious film in which the '
              'directors try to raise some questions, Like, does the ends '
              'justify the means? if yes, how far is too far? Where should we '
              'draw the line? If not, should we just stop and do nothing? Or '
              'are those who do nothing better than those who are willing to '
              'do anything? Or do we have the right to judge? Or in general, '
              'are we entitled to judge others life choices at all?Like, which '
              "is more awful? Set a very high moral standard and can't keep it "
              'or simply set a low one?Like, how easily people are to submit '
              'when facing violence or power.Like, how far your act of '
              'righteousness can go when the act itself will cost you '
              'financially and physically?Like, how hurtful it could be of '
              "labeling people.But for me personally, I think it's about being "
              'truthful and brave, be truthful to yourself and be brave to '
              "stand up for yourself.Watch it, you'll like it.",
 'tt6170484': 'Despite picking up right after where the first film left off, '
              "'Monster Hunt 2' still feels like a dull retread of its "
              'predecessor.Once again, the irresistibly cute baby monster Wuba '
              'finds himself pursued by nefarious humans and demons alike, '
              'setting the stage for a showdown where his two human parents, '
              'Song Tianyin (Jing Boran) and Huo Xiaolan (Bai Baihe), will '
              'wage battle with those who seek to exploit him for their own '
              'selfish means.One group pursuing Wuba is led by the veteran '
              'monster hunter Yun Qing (Yo Yang), through whom Tianyin and '
              'Xiaolan will learn of a Bureau of Monster Hunters where rogue '
              'demons that cause mischief and/or havoc upon humankind are kept '
              'in lockup. At first, the very addition of the Bureau seems like '
              'an attempt by returning director Raman Hui and his trio of '
              'writers - Alan Yuen, Chan Wing-sun and Su Liang - to expand the '
              'mythical world of medieval China that they had created in the '
              "first instalment. Alas, without giving anything away, let's "
              "just say that the lavish art direction by Hui's cross-cultural "
              'team (comprising of Li Jianwei, Guillaume Aretos and Yohei '
              'Taneda) is unfortunately wasted by the time Yun Qing and his '
              "Bureau henchmen's true identity is revealed, a twist that seems "
              'lazily transplanted from the earlier film.Another group is led '
              'by the notorious gambler Tu Sigu (Tony Leung Chiu-wai), who '
              'wants Wuba as repayment for his debts to the female Boss Chu '
              "(Li Yuchun). By chance, Tu makes Wuba's acquaintance early on, "
              'but seeing no inherent value in the radish-like monster, kicks '
              'him off into the forest. Upon learning that Boss Chu is willing '
              'to release him from his debts, Tu sets off to search for Wuba, '
              'assisted by his loyal tubby monster assistant Ben-Ben. It is no '
              'surprise that he and Wuba will forge a connection during the '
              'course of the movie, so much so that he will have second '
              'thoughts about giving Wuba away to his creditor. Indeed, Wuba '
              'represents an amusing reckoning for the do-no-gooder whose '
              'relationships have been based on deceit and/or exploitation, '
              'and by the time the noisy CGI-heavy climax rolls along, Tu will '
              'have joined Tianyin and Xiaolan in protecting the son of the '
              'former monster king.Compared to the original, the plotting here '
              "seems needlessly convoluted yet underdeveloped. We've already "
              'mentioned about how the Bureau is but a farce; ditto the scenes '
              'between Xiaolan and a smitten weapons craftsmith (Huang Lei) '
              'that the former meets at the Bureau, which serve little purpose '
              "than to get Tianyin jealous. Tu's redemption is a nice change, "
              'but too many scenes of his seem extended to pad out the '
              'duration of the movie - there are two throwaway scenes of him '
              'working in cahoots with monsters to cheat in a casino; there is '
              'another throwaway scene of Boss Chu forcing him to honour his '
              'agreement that he will marry her; and there is yet another two '
              'chase sequences through the narrow streets of Clear Water Town '
              'where most of the action takes place which sees him try to '
              "evade those he had just swindled at the casino. Tu's own "
              'character arc ends up taking more screen time than the hunt for '
              'Wuba itself, and although Tony Leung brings a delightfully wily '
              'charm to the movie, it simply makes the whole narrative even '
              "more distracted.It doesn't help that Hui seems content to let "
              'his sequel be dominated by frenetic sequences, most of which '
              'are hardly as inspired as that in the first movie. Too much '
              'time is simply spent running around haphazardly, without proper '
              'regard of how to make these scenes episodes of inspired comic '
              'mayhem. One involving a magic show where Tu ends up on the '
              'chopping block and later on in a box where he is to be sawn in '
              'half is yet again symptomatic of how busy yet uninvolving the '
              'onscreen chaos tends to unfold. Even the climax offers no '
              'consolation, coming off tired, hectic and yet oddly tedious. '
              'The only bright spot is a screwball sequence somewhere in the '
              'middle that sees Ben-Ben troll Tu while he is meeting with Boss '
              'Chu by frightening Wuba, taking advantage of how anyone whom '
              'Wuba has spitted on gets to see in his moment of fright just '
              "what he is seeing, which also in return messes with Tianyin's "
              'attempt to get intimate with Tianyin.To be frank, we were '
              "looking forward to 'Monster Hunt 2' only because of Wuba, and "
              "we're quite sure we aren't alone with that sentiment. Although "
              'the story still is ostensibly driven by Wuba, there are simply '
              "too many 'human' distractions that detract from what was the "
              "series' most endearing element. Oh yes, Wuba is still as "
              'adorable as ever, but it is also somewhat disappointing that '
              "there isn't any elaboration whatsoever on how he is intended to "
              'fulfil that prophecy of bridging the human and monster worlds. '
              'Instead, the filmmakers are content to simply let him spit more '
              'stuff out of his mouth like cannonballs or flail his arms '
              'about, while rehashing the same old shtick from the first '
              'movie. Even then, it is a lot less funny, a lot less engaging '
              "and a lot less entertaining this time round, and you'll "
              'probably do better to revisit the first movie than hunt down '
              'this sequel.',
 'tt6177592': 'This movie is dedicated to PRC and PLA vets.It asumes that you '
              'have the knowledge of Chinese history. If you do not understand '
              'the history, do not understand the context, you will have no '
              'clue and you will just waste your time.This movie is not a '
              'thriller. Nothing exciting. But, time does fly when you are '
              'watching this movie. It is not a documentary. There are added '
              'parts and modified parts about the war. Nothing distinct from '
              'other korean war movies.It is just a dedication movie and a '
              'reminder for Chinese people. A movie to watch over dinner and '
              'remind of your vet grandparents and what they told you about '
              'the wars. A movie for people to watch while discussing that '
              'period of history.',
 'tt6183334': '"Inside: A Chinese Horror Story" happened to come to my '
              'attention by sheer random luck. I had never heard about the '
              'movie, nor was I familiar with what it was about. Being an '
              'Asian horror movie was essentially also all that was needed for '
              'me to pick it up and sit down to watch it.At 35 minutes into '
              'the movie I was ready to give up, because "Inside: A Chinese '
              'Horror Story" is unfathomably slow paced and made very little '
              "sense storywise so far. And at this point there still hadn't "
              'been anything even remotely scary to see on the screen. '
              'However, I stuck with the movie, because it might get better as '
              'it progressed.The acting in the movie was good, and it was nice '
              'to see a cast ensemble of new faces and names. And I will say '
              'that people were doing good jobs with their given roles and '
              'characters. However, some of the characters were mundane and '
              'lacking personalities, and you never really got too acquainted '
              'with most of them to actually have any kind of relation to '
              'them. That was a shame, because it made many of the characters '
              'seem like insignificant and just as passers-by.It is like an '
              'anthology of different stories, but none of them are scary, and '
              'they make very little sense in the greater picture. '
              'Individually, then the stories are adequate, but tied together, '
              "it just didn't really work out in a satisfying manner.When I "
              'hit the one hour marker, I just gave up, because the movie had '
              'not taken a turn for the better. It just continued to trot on '
              'in the same monotone pace and still making very little sense.I '
              'will say that the camera-work and the cinematography in the '
              'movie was quite good, and it was definitely the work of '
              'professional people. It was beautifully shot and equally '
              'beautifully edited.So "Inside: A Chinese Horror Story" was '
              'indeed a swing and a miss from director Lili Bai. I have no '
              'intention of returning to finish this movie, because it just '
              'failed to captivate and interest me. As such, then I am '
              'settling on a generous 4 out of 10 stars for this movie.If you '
              'enjoy Asian horror movies, then there are far better and more '
              'entertaining movies available. And I must actually say that '
              '"Inside: A Chinese Horror Story" was anything but scary, so it '
              "didn't really fall into this category to be honest.",
 'tt6183380': 'Very, very bad. Very, very bad. Very, very bad. Very, very bad. '
              'Very, very bad. Very, very bad. I hope is long enough.',
 'tt6183384': 'To summarize the routine of bad movies: the movie title ~ the '
              'opening of the movie introduces the staff in a vulgar way, '
              'which is always swish and swish ~ the actors in the movie are '
              'usually around the edge of the second or third class, the '
              'acting is awkward; Often used to stimulate daydreaming '
              "patients' fantasies; The time is about 90 minutes,(estimated "
              'itself can only hold 60 minutes, in order to advertisers and '
              'constipation out of another 30 minutes); A bunch of net red '
              'face haunt; Actors are always dubbing, and some of the male '
              'actors sound like eunuchs. Bye.',
 'tt6186248': "Da Peng is one of the most pretentious actors I've ever seen, "
              'with zero talent in comedy. Actually, you can never imagine a '
              'worse film than "Father and Son". To be honest, it should not '
              'be called a comedy, because you would not laugh throughout the '
              'film. The plot and the editing are just non-sense, and Da '
              "Peng's catastrophic performances make the film completely "
              'unwatchable.',
 'tt6223976': 'I was depply moved by the bond between Jiang Han and her '
              'father.',
 'tt6242504': 'I watched this documentary on its opening weekend with an old '
              'school friend who went to the same medical college where this '
              "film is set in and where the majority of this film's story "
              'occurs. I basically got a live commentary from my friend on the '
              "Who's Who of some of the medical staff, which was really "
              'insightful and for which I am very grateful.This documentary '
              'mainly evolves around four ordinary inpatients and their '
              'families at the Ostetrics department of the University '
              'hospital, (in fact, all of the patients are rural farming '
              'families in Hubei Province). The patients encounter various '
              'problems and difficulties as their respective due dates draw '
              'nearer, which present bigger and tougher dilemmas for their '
              'husbands. The struggles clearly have enormous impacts on these '
              'families, and the film does not shy away from revealing the '
              'full magnitude of those difficulties, be that health-oriented '
              'or fiscal, nor the anxieties of the expectant mothers and '
              "fathers-to-be. It's hard for me, sitting in a comfy cinema "
              'seat, to sit through the rougher parts of the story, as '
              'hardened grown men were reduced to hard sobbing over seemingly '
              "insurmountable financial woes facing their wives' approaching "
              'child birth.The editing is fairly standard and does not give '
              'the pretense of being narratively driven. This is more of an '
              "observation of fragments of people's lives in and outside the "
              'hospital ward. The main characters - four inpatients and their '
              'families - are shown in no particular sequential order. The '
              'medical orderlies, with one doctor in particular, command '
              'respect through their professionalism and sometimes inspiring '
              'speeches. The camera-work is also pretty straightforward for '
              'documentaries of this type and an apt choice given that by '
              'consistently using third-person it considerably enhances '
              'immersion on the part of the viewer. Also, given that this is a '
              'film about child birth, there is an actual uncensored child '
              'birth scene, so be warned, as such graphic content may not be '
              "everyone's cup of tea. The best part of this film is of course "
              'the way free flowing emotions are running wild. The '
              'truthfulness of the documentary lends power to creating '
              'dramatic tension the type of which rarely seen so convincingly '
              "in narrative cinema, and I am happy to report that I've had a "
              'hugely engaging experience.8/10',
 'tt6244730': 'Positive: Well, positive if at least 50% of screen time '
              'silently panning through a large, mostly abandoned, industrial '
              "town or watching our characters walking it's roads, is "
              'interesting to you. Another 25% of time is viewing a few people '
              'living in the town, again mostly not talking, or doing much. \n'
              'Negative: What we do see, briefly, of people - a pretend '
              'buddhist monk; a crooked thief posing as a soap salesman; a '
              'couple of cops; and a few others with brief roles. The main '
              'take away is corruption as the salesmen steals from people, the '
              'monk falsely begs for donations, the cops try to take advantage '
              'of their position, and a couple of other victims. \n'
              'Conclusion, theme could be a bit of humor on the effects of '
              'urban blight - not sure.',
 'tt6264928': 'IMHO., the pacing was a bit slow for my taste as have just '
              'watched this last night, the acting was average was well,. all '
              'actors played and was right for the role they played, the '
              'ending was a bit rushed for me., overall., it will keep you '
              'engaged but once you knew who the killer was, it was all '
              "downhill from there.I can't say I will recommend it but it's "
              'for your own discretion.',
 'tt6286730': 'GODLY BEGGAR is a dull martial arts drama from China. The '
              'intent is clear enough: to recreate the kind of low-fi, high '
              'power kung fu epics that had been popular in Hong Kong for a '
              'couple of decades, but the result is unlike any of those HK '
              'classics. Instead, GODLY BEGGAR is a story that is wearyingly '
              'worthy, and seems more intent to shove propaganda-infused '
              'morals down the throat of its viewers than telling a proper '
              'story.The narrative involves the life story of a young man who '
              'learns moral lessons from his master and trains in Tai Chi to '
              'become an expert. Most of the dialogue consists of lessons from '
              'the elderly master telling the youth to be respectful to '
              'society and to do things for other people. Sadly, GODLY '
              "BEGGAR's execution is very poor; the whole thing seems to have "
              'been shot outdoors on a wintry hillside somewhere and the '
              'picture has a dull and washed-out look. The martial arts is '
              'limited and feels very slow, with the swordplay looking more '
              'like fencing and the hand-to-hand combat feeling staged. Given '
              "this film's rareness I suppose I should be grateful that I had "
              'the chance to see it at all.',
 'tt6288650': 'First off: a movie is a story (sometime fictional, sometimes '
              'not) that becomes virtual reality due to: 1) great '
              'cinematography 2) excellent script 3) good acting 4) CASTING '
              'choices. This movie falls into FANTASY, so you are not judging '
              'their government or their censorship. As far as special '
              'effects: they are not good, or even close to perfect, but '
              'terrible? I work with computers all the time. My 13 years old '
              'nephew can spot the smallest oversight. Still they are not '
              'making the movie "unwatchable". The acting overall is good, but '
              'taiwanese actor Darren Wang is EXCELLENT. The casting is '
              'flawless and the 3 main characters mesh together brilliantly. '
              'Finally, the screenplay. I would have give them 7 stars, if it '
              "wasn't for the special effect. What a pleasure to laugh like "
              'that ! Only Guardian of the Galaxy 2 has a better screenplay in '
              'terms of laughs. Also, I gave the an extra star because THIS '
              'MOVIE HAS NO GUNS, EXPLOSIONS, OR ACTION like we are used to. '
              "So, to me, it's a plus.",
 'tt6303872': 'An incredibly lyrical film that is at times a quiet discussion '
              'about culture, at times an open meditation on coming-of-age. '
              'The subject matter is timely, characters are engaging, and the '
              'original score is beautiful. But the real star is the '
              'cinematography where each scene is carefully juxtaposed against '
              'a scene later. While the narrative unfolds through two years of '
              'teenage lives, recurring images, symbols and dialogues remind '
              'us that life is never truly linear. And so little by little, we '
              'are inevitably drawn to the journeys of the two young '
              'protagonists. Who will they become? Will they become who their '
              'parents (who sent them from Chinese mega-cities to rural '
              'America) wish them to be? Will they become who they themselves '
              'thought that they would be? Or will they become who we the '
              'viewers wish them to be? In the process of watching these '
              'teenagers grow up, we come to see ourselves more (and perhaps '
              'in equal parts less) clearly in a complex world.',
 'tt6389310': 'Good family movie. Tae Bong is absolutely adorable and you '
              "can't help bot fall in love with him.",
 'tt6389316': 'For the last couple of months, I have been thrilled and admire '
              'how powerful the silence (usage of less dialogues) and sounds '
              "can be in today's films. They say that - Actions Speak Louder "
              'Than Words. For example, "the Tribe" Ukrainian powerful drama '
              'about deaf teenagers, or "All is Lost" intense 105minutes by '
              'Robert Redford who tries to stay alive. Or even recent hit "a '
              'quiet place" where a family forced to communicate through sign '
              'language in order to survive. In all these films audience could '
              'feel the dialogues by beautiful performances by main '
              'characters. The Chinese "Wrath of Silence" had similar effect '
              'on me.To be honest I was surprisingly interested in the Chinese '
              '"Wrath of Silence", for me watching foreign films sometimes can '
              'be challenging, following the film and subtitles sometimes can '
              "be annoying. but after watching the half of the Xin Yukun's "
              '"Wrath of Silence" I found myself locked in it.The "Wrath of '
              'Silence" is very well-executed thriller that gets more '
              'interesting as it goes. As an audience we all can feel for the '
              'main protagonist who is looking for his son. This unfortunate '
              'and hopeless quest is supported by powerful moments, '
              'bone-crunching action and dark humor. "Wrath of Silence" also '
              'have great storytelling, sound effects and beautifully crafted '
              'cinematography. Each shot worth thinking and analyzing twice. '
              'The only flaws for me was the pace of the first half. I believe '
              'it was too slow and very long, and ending could be a little '
              'better, more artistic and more meaningful rather than just '
              'having kid drawing what happened. I wish we could see him '
              'drawing before a little by little and trying to tell what '
              'happened instead he was just creepy wearing the mask.',
 'tt6413312': 'At an hour and 19 minutes I consider this a full movie rather '
              "than a short. It's a film about two young couples who love each "
              'other deeply, but must make a choice about their relationship '
              'due to external circumstances. Will their choices be for the '
              'best for their partners and themselves, or will any of the four '
              'regret them? The film is beautifully shot, well directed and '
              "well acted, but it's a character study with a somewhat thin "
              'plot. Worth seeing, but will not bring any surprises. I saw it '
              'on Viki, for those who would like to look it up.',
 'tt6416842': 'I was able to watch this film on a channel called Thrill. '
              'Sadly, I am not thrilled with this film. It lacked all the '
              'elements that make a good thriller and horror. It is worth to '
              'mention that the light, music and surprises you often see in '
              'such genre to make viewers scream are all present in the film. '
              'However, it was not as effective as they did not use it wisely. '
              'In fact, they bombarded the film with such gimmicks.Besides '
              'this, the story itself and the acting were also a problem here. '
              'It was quite bland. As part of the audience, I was not '
              'motivated to find out who the antagonist is. I just wanted the '
              'film to end so I can watch the next one.',
 'tt6421362': 'In the watercress network I was originally 1 stars do not want '
              "to give, to see in Rowan Atkinson's share. Do you think, Mr. "
              'Bean can we please? No way！ Variety is a variety, should be put '
              'on TV and the Internet, why go to the cinema? If you go on like '
              'this, dating shows, indoor reality shows and even news can be a '
              'movie? We do not encourage such an atmosphere, can not let '
              'those unscrupulous money to see the dawn of hope again ""!!!',
 'tt6447400': 'Brothers is a mixture of a historical drama and a military '
              'action movie. Based upon true events, it tells the tragic story '
              'of two brothers. The older brother protected the younger from a '
              'ruthless criminal whom he killed. He had to spend ten years in '
              'prison. Upon his release, the older brother decided to throw a '
              'party that quickly ran out of control. The two got arrested but '
              'instead of being sent to prison, they were supposed to be '
              'trained as soldiers by the Kuomintang in the Chinese Civil War. '
              'They tried to escape but while the younger brother fled into '
              'the woods, the older brother got caught before he could leave. '
              'Five years later, the younger brother has joined the Chinese '
              'Communist Party and is asked to escort a group of female '
              'musicians to a strategically important city. On his way to High '
              'City, he gets ambushed by a group of Kuomintang soldiers led by '
              'his brother. The two brothers have to keep their cool in front '
              'of their colleagues but secretly start talking about what has '
              'happened to them. It soon turns out that both of them have '
              'drastically changed. The younger brother who was once innocent '
              'and naive has turned into a reliable and resilient sergeant. '
              'The older brother who was once careless and ill-disciplined has '
              'turned into a clever and ruthless leader. Still, the old '
              'brother wants to protect his younger brother and tries to '
              'prevent by any means necessary that he goes to High City to '
              'find certain death. However, the older brother underestimated '
              "the younger brother's determination and the two friends soon "
              'turn into foes.One element that immediately stands out with '
              'this film is the use of impressive visual effects reminding me '
              'of the Sin City franchise. Most shots are in black and white '
              'with specific elements being painted in flashy colours such as '
              'blood, gunfire or some of the female musicians. While this '
              'approach gives the movie a visually stunning look, it certainly '
              'takes away from the gripping story. Despite the serious '
              'circumstances elaborated in the plot, the film fails to builds '
              'up any tension and plods along for prolonged periods of time. '
              'The audience is led to focus on the visual effects and fighting '
              'scenes but all other elements remain disappointingly shallow. '
              'The acting performances are rather unspectacular. The two '
              'brothers seem constantly overwhelmed by emotions, supporting '
              'each other at one moment just to try to kill each other a few '
              "moments later. The supporting characters aren't developed very "
              'well and seem quite lifeless. Especially the shy love story '
              'between the younger brother and one of the female musicians '
              "could have been much stronger. The short running time doesn't "
              'help in that aspect either. Many characters are introduced on '
              'the side and end up dying a few minutes later anyway. The plot '
              'has one minor twist in the final quarter but fails to build '
              'upon this element and ends on a bloody but simplistic '
              'resolution.In the end, Brothers is worth to be watched thanks '
              'to its stunning visual aspects, its numerous prolonged fighting '
              'scenes and its steady pace from start to finish thanks to a '
              "concise running time. The plot however doesn't exploit its full "
              "potential, the historical elements aren't fleshed out and most "
              'characters remain shallow or confusing. Brothers is an '
              'entertaining experience and worth to be watched once but '
              'overall lacking quality to leave a deeper impression.',
 'tt6448192': 'This is the movie version of the 3 episodes documentary series '
              '"Masters in Forbidden City". Both the documentary series and '
              "this movie are documenting the ancient artworks restorers' "
              'daily in the museum of Forbidden City, not only about how they '
              'managed to make every broken artwork glory again, but also '
              'about themselves, how they enjoy this quite lifestyle and found '
              'interest in it. \n'
              'In this noisy modern world, this documentary let us meet '
              "someone who is living in a different lifestyle, it's both "
              'interesting and touching. Some of the restorers get a lot of '
              'fans after this documentary was broadcasted.\n'
              'In my opinion, the documentary verson is absolutely awesome and '
              'much more better than this movie, because the editing of the '
              'documentary series is better, the storylines are more tidy and '
              'the documentary series has a voiceover which help audiences '
              "understand every restorer's personal background and some "
              'professional knowledge better.',
 'tt6448978': 'This is a good enough thriller about four children indirectly '
              "being responsible for their Mother's death. The mother's spirit "
              'is then brought back by a black cat.None of the characters were '
              'really strong and none of the actors gave standout '
              'performances. But, having said that, it was still a very good, '
              'enjoyable film. The film has a constant foreboding atmosphere '
              'where one is literally on the edge of your seat wondering what '
              "is going to happen next. The film's vision was so effective, it "
              'really is a pity the jump-scare music was sometimes a bit '
              'overbearing. I enjoyed the fact the plot was kept plain and '
              'simple, with the children realizing how very wrong their '
              "actions were. By the end of the film they're completely "
              "consumed by guilt. There's an unexpected twist, and the film "
              'ultimately has such a stunning ending.',
 'tt6449296': "This movie is in chinese so yes you do have to read it but it's "
              'well worth it. The story has actual footage from time to time '
              'of actual Tibetan Antelope so its both heart warming and '
              'educational but thats not all The best thing about it is its '
              'the Turth! Just like we saw with Happy Feet years ago it '
              'touches on real world issues while still being a suitable movie '
              'for kids and parent alike. I absolutely will be telling '
              'everyone I know about it!',
 'tt6450660': 'Just seen on Berlinale.Extremely boring movie about a man who '
              'after years is returning back to his home village and gets '
              'murdered.Most of the time you can see nothing else than the '
              'actors smoking cigarettes.The movie is very slow paced.Only '
              'point are the pictures of the mountains and the nature. I think '
              'the director wanted to put some esoterism into the plot. But '
              "this isn't enough for a good movie.Many visitors were leaving "
              "the room before movie's end.Save the money and buy some bottles "
              'of beer.',
 'tt6451304': 'A neo-noir animated take on a mob film, following a big bag of '
              'money as it moves from one person to the next, suspiciously. At '
              'once an absurdist escape and a biting commentary on consumer '
              'culture, the movie will captivate big audiences with its homage '
              'to films like "The Godfather," "Blade Runner" and the works of '
              'Tarantino. The characters are all fascinating in their '
              'oddities, and the animation style captures the mood in even the '
              'smallest details— like a dog limping in the background or a '
              'neon sign flickering on the street. Watch it for the violence, '
              'watch it for the dry humor, but definitely watch it because the '
              'visual style is artistic, emotional and insanely brilliant.',
 'tt6461514': 'As for me, this movie is pretty satisfying as a comedy. There '
              'are a lot of high-grade jokes among this movie while jokes are '
              'very embarrassing in other comedies these days. Except for the '
              'humor, the flashbacks amused me very much and I believed this '
              'part had been edited surprisingly well. These flashbacks drew a '
              "clear and interesting outline of the character's previous life: "
              'abused by father, involved in love, betrayed by girlfriend, '
              'discouraged by father. Generally, this is a corny movie in '
              'which time-travel helps characters clear the misunderstanding '
              'of family or friends. However, this movie focus on the sense of '
              'humor and thinking of life instead of the science fiction part. '
              'In my opinion, the ending is the biggest flaw because there is '
              "no intact logical circle. It isn't based on any theory of time "
              'travel. The father knew the gesture because the son taught him. '
              "However, the son didn't really appear in the father's early "
              "life, and therefore, the gesture shouldn't be known. I know "
              'that Han Han wanted to write a mysterious ending, but I think '
              'it turns out to be the very flaw.',
 'tt6464252': 'Really i like this story and screenplay apart from negative '
              'reviews...\n'
              'A teenage girl came back to her family who was missed 12 years '
              'ago..after that her family faced terrible situation slowly..\n'
              'Must watchable movie especially who are trying to write a new '
              'script...',
 'tt6466464': "Though Stephen Chow's 'Journey to the West' series has been the "
              'more buzzed-about one in the last few years, director Soi '
              "Cheang has been studiously building up his own 'Monkey King' "
              'franchise. The first chapter, which boasted a spirited turn by '
              "Donnie Yen as the titular Wukong who defied Chow Yun Fat's Jade "
              'Emperor, was nonetheless a huge disappointment because of its '
              'stilted storytelling and laughable CGI; but the sequel, which '
              'saw Aaron Kwok take over the golden staff (pun intended) with a '
              'more low-key but also more nuanced performance, was a marked '
              "improvement that benefited generously from Gong Li's devilish "
              'turn as the White Bone Demon. Not surprisingly, Kwok has agreed '
              'to reprise his role in this third chapter, although this time '
              "round he's been reduced to no more than a supporting "
              "act.Whereas most, if not all, 'Monkey King' films have played "
              'on the dynamic between Wukong and his master Xuanzang, Cheang '
              'and his writer Wen Ning have placed the focus this time on '
              'Xuanzang (Feng Shaofeng) alone. Stumbling upon a kingdom '
              'populated only by women after an encounter with an unfriendly '
              'River God (revealed later on to be a vengeful god played by Lin '
              'Chi-ling), Xuanzang falls in love with its Queen (Zhao Liying), '
              'thereby presenting him with an apparent conundrum whether to '
              'forsake his religious calling to love all mankind. But perhaps '
              'more crucially, Xuanzang and his companions - Wukong, the pig '
              'demon Bajie (Xiao Shenyang), and the blue-skinned sand demon '
              'Wujing (Him Lo) - have to first escape execution directed by '
              "the kingdom's Empress Dowager-like Madam Perceptor (Gigi "
              'Leung), who is adamant that men are the worst poison to their '
              'kind. Alas their attempt to escape is thwarted by an invisible, '
              "magical net around Womanland, though it's not difficult to "
              'guess that the key to penetrating the spell is none other than '
              "true love itself. It's also not difficult to guess that "
              'Xuanzang and the Queen will eventually discover that secret by '
              'their love for each other - a love that will quite literally '
              "see them 'through the sun and rain', as the couple are banished "
              'from the kingdom and forced to endure both elements in a wooden '
              'boat out at sea. Besides testing the mettle of their '
              "relationship, the voyage will also clarify Xuanzang's choice "
              'between the love of one (wo)man or the love of all sentient '
              'beings; although his decision should be obvious to most '
              'viewers, since it will take a lot of gumption for this movie to '
              "attempt a completely revisionist take on Wu Cheng'en's classic, "
              "and you can probably guess that it isn't nearly that bold. To "
              'his credit, Cheang does undertake some brave moves for a '
              'Mainland-centric film. For one, its notion of a female-only '
              "land seen against China's male chauvinistic society is "
              "progressive to say the least, especially given its people's "
              'extremely dim and fatalistic view of the male gender. For '
              'another, it handles the subject of abortion with a certain '
              'cavalier, and some would say careless attitude - after his '
              'companions accidentally drink from a fertility spring known as '
              'the Motherhood River, Wukong approaches a cross-dressing hermit '
              'in the Miscarriage Cave to obtain its tears to terminate the '
              'unwanted pregnancies. And for yet another, it depicts an '
              'unrequited lesbian romance between a mortal and an androgynous '
              'spirit that at its most audacious has a scene with Gigi Leung '
              'and Lin Chi-ling locking lips.But perhaps its most audacious '
              'choice is to attempt a genre switch in this third chapter that '
              'turns what used to be an action fantasy into a fantasy romance. '
              "Oh yes, if it isn't obvious by now, there are hardly any epic "
              'battle scenes to speak of; in fact, there are just two - one in '
              'the middle with two big scorpions, and the other right at the '
              'end with the bitter River God threatening to drown the entire '
              'Womanland. Whereas its predecessors took pride in crediting '
              'Donnie Yen and Sammo Hung as action directors, there is no one '
              'explicitly mentioned in that role here, which is just as well '
              'given how underwhelming these two sequences play out. '
              'Diminishing the amount of action in the film also further '
              "reduces Wukong's significance - after all, he is Xuanzang's "
              'bodyguard - and gives Kwok even less to do, and the same can be '
              'said of Bajie and Wujing too.That is ultimately a pity, because '
              'these unlikely travel buddies have established quite some '
              'chemistry. Indeed, two of the most amusing scenes in the movie '
              'are thanks to their witty banter - the very opening scene that '
              'sees them making their way down a gentle river (before being '
              'rudely interrupted by the aforementioned River God) sees some '
              "funny back-and-forth about who had taken away Wukong's pants "
              'while he was bathing; and their very first attempted escape '
              'from lock-up in Womanland, as well as their subsequent '
              "interrogation, is a riotous hoot what with Wukong's impudence, "
              "Bajie's flirtatiousness and Wujing's masculinity on full "
              'display. Tempering cheekiness with conscience, Kwok has also '
              'revealed himself to be quite a fine Wukong, and sidelining his '
              'character here inadvertently makes the film much duller.While '
              'it is understandable why Cheang has decided to make this third '
              "chapter tonally different from the earlier two, 'The Monkey "
              "King 3' is a lot less entertaining as a result. Its "
              'philosophical musings about true love are not quite so '
              'insightful, but more crucially, it hardly gives its more '
              'charismatic performers enough screen time. It may have seemed a '
              'timely choice given the momentum and publicity that the female '
              'empowerment movement has gathered of late to adapt the '
              "quartet's misadventures in Womanland for this movie, but in the "
              "grander scheme of their 'Journey to the West', this is at best "
              'an interesting sidenote and at worst an unnecessary detour. The '
              'ending hints at a fourth instalment set to tell the more '
              'well-known Fiery Mountain episode - and on hindsight, the '
              'franchise should probably have simply gone straight there than '
              'bothered to stop over here.',
 'tt6467214': 'Best Movie Great CGI Best Action Best Characters Great Film I '
              'have seen ever',
 'tt6475918': 'A polyamorous male couple decides to test the limits of the '
              'restrictive society that they live in when they become '
              'romantically involved with a young woman. Yes, this is the '
              'winner of the SIFF 2018 China Stars Award for Best Film and not '
              "usually the kind of film we feature on our site.That said, it's "
              'well-made and interestingly shot, starting off almost as a '
              'series of non-sequiturs.Li Qi works at a dolphin show and his '
              'friend Ren Yu runs a mobile karaoke that is popular because he '
              'looks like screen actor Leslie Cheung. A young woman Bai Ling '
              'hooks up with both of them, but soon, an event rocks all of '
              'them to their very souls.This movie is mostly dialogue-free, so '
              "if you're concerned about the foreign language barrier, there "
              'really is none. The movie is known as Bing Lang Xue in its '
              "original language.It's the second film of Hu Jia, who also "
              'directed Dance With Me.',
 'tt6513338': "Two decades after it was first released, 'A Chinese Odyssey "
              "Part Two: Cinderella' was re-released in Mainland cinemas "
              'earlier this year with about ten minutes of additional footage. '
              'By the time it ended its month-long run, the Stephen Chow cult '
              'classic had become the top- grossing re-release ever. Despite '
              "critics' decrying it as a blatant cash grab that adds little to "
              "the original cut's interpretation, audiences were seemingly "
              'unfazed, demonstrating just how much love there is for Chow as '
              "well as the 'mo-lei-tau' brand of wacky anachronistic period "
              'comedy which he and writer-director Jeffrey Lau patented in the '
              'late 1980s and early 1990s. And yet ironically, the greater '
              'your sense of nostalgia, the more you will be disappointed by '
              "Lau's attempts in the past few years to recapture the same "
              "comedic spirit. From 2010's 'Just Another Pandora's Box' to "
              "2011's 'East Meets West 2011' to 2014's 'Just Another Margin' "
              "and right up to last year's in-name only sequel 'A Chinese "
              "Odyssey Part Three', not one has come close to matching the "
              "genius of Lau's earlier films. His latest, titled 'Soccer "
              "Killer', unfortunately belongs more to the former than the "
              'latter. Written and directed by Lau, it tells of how Princess '
              'Changping (Gillian Chung) of the Song Dynasty recruits the '
              'masters of the eight once-glorious martial arts sects to play '
              'in a soccer match against a formidable team named the Eagle '
              'Claws under the charge of the Mongolian barbarian Leopard Khan. '
              'At stake is the very sovereignty of the kingdom itself, no '
              'thanks to the corrupt Prime Minister Qin (played by Lau '
              'himself). As we learn from the prologue, no less than the likes '
              'of Captain America, Thor, Hulk, Storm, Cyclops, Spider-Man, '
              'Logan and Captain Fantastic make up the Eagle Claws; though '
              "we're quite sure Marvel will be none too happy to learn what "
              'their band of superheroes have been doing in between '
              'blockbusters; by the time we get to the pivotal match, no less '
              'than the Monkey King, the Eight Immortals and Buddha will have '
              "come to the Song's rescue – and that is fair warning of just "
              "how illogical you'll have to prepare it will get in this spoof "
              "where anything goes.Frankly, that isn't a deterrent in and of "
              'itself; indeed, such silly, even nonsensical, humour has always '
              "been a defining feature of Lau's comedies. What distinguishes "
              'the classics of the past from the ignominies of the more recent '
              'is the hilarity of the gags within, which this latest again '
              'comes up short. Among the three chapters the movie divides '
              'itself into, the most entertaining is in fact the first titled '
              "'The Phoenix becomes the Pheasant', in reference to how "
              'Princess Changping sheds her image of royalty to adopt a male '
              'disguise in order to recruit the eight Sect masters. As it '
              'turns out, these masters – including Sword Master Guo Huaqiang '
              '(Corey Yuen), Palm Master Zhang Sanfeng (Li Jing), abbess '
              'Miejue (Stephy Tang) and abbot Master Yideng (Lam Tze Chung) – '
              'are but a pale shadow of their former glorious selves, and '
              'between them and the two disciples – Lang (He Jiong) and Ling '
              '(Charlene Choi) – of a ninth now-defunct Mount Mao Sect, there '
              'is plenty of good humour to be had spoofing the genre elements '
              "of the typical 'wuxia' film.In comparison, the ensuing two "
              'chapters prove duller and a lot less inspired. The middle '
              "chapter titled 'Finding True Love in Adversity' develops a "
              'budding romance between Lang and Princess Changping as both are '
              'held captive at a remote mountain village after being kidnapped '
              'by a band of assassins who call themselves the Jiangdong 108; '
              'but their unlikely relationship has few laughs and little '
              'chemistry. A running gag sees Lang introduce the villagers to '
              'Super Barbie inflatable dolls which become instant playmates '
              'for the children as well as companions for the grown-up males, '
              'but it is at best bemusing and never quite amusing. The '
              "obviously titled third chapter 'Kingdom of Xianglong versus the "
              "Eagle Claws' sees Prime Minister Qin exploit the romantic "
              "rivalry between Ling and Princess Changping for Lang's "
              'affections, before culminating in an over-the- top duel between '
              'the aforementioned teams that stands out as a showcase of '
              "terrible CGI. Not even the references to Pandora's Box can save "
              'the last act from being creatively bereft, nor for that matter '
              'the invocation of mythological Chinese characters for an '
              'eventual Eastern-meets-Western superheroes showdown.Certainly, '
              "not the combined star power of the TWINS or the 'Happy Camp' "
              'hosts are a match for the powerhouse combo of Chow, Athena Chu, '
              "Karen Mok, Ng Man-tat and Law Kar-ying, but that isn't the main "
              "reason why 'Soccer Killer' is barely even a poor cousin of 'A "
              "Chinese Odyssey' – simply, it just isn't as witty or as "
              'laugh-out-loud crazy as it should be. Lau himself seems to '
              'acknowledge the same at the obligatory happily-ever-after '
              'ending, with one of the palace servants reflecting on '
              'everything that has happened and telling his partner that it is '
              'no better than a stupid movie which should be quickly forgotten '
              "– though frankly, that's hardly a tall order given how "
              'unmemorable the events within are. If for whatever reason you '
              'feel you have nothing better else to do and find yourself in '
              'the mood for some inanity however uninspired that may be, then '
              "'Soccer Killer' is an 84-minute harmless time-killer you "
              "probably won't mind.",
 'tt6513406': 'Those expecting another cheapo Asian martial arts flick will be '
              'pleasantly disappointed. Wu Kong is clever extension of the '
              'Monkey God yarn but filmed in a beautiful and fantastical way, '
              'coupled with some poignant scenes and social commentary. The '
              'acting was well done by the eye candy leads and the action '
              'sequences were interesting too. The CGI was also better than '
              'usual. All in all, I was very entertained and actually felt for '
              'the characters.',
 'tt6513656': 'I was a little bit worried when I learned that it will skip a '
              'theatrical release, but still looked forward to it. I really '
              'liked the first one and thought that the cast in this one was '
              'decent. Sadly, almost nothing about it works. The script is '
              'disastrously bad. The plot and pace are all over the place, '
              'making an 85 minute movie feel long. The cinematography is '
              'horrendous. The movie is filled with neon lights that are '
              'almost headache inducing. The fight scenes are banal and are '
              'there just for the sake of it.There are Sci-Fi elements that '
              "serve little purpose and don't really fit. Oh, and Stallone and "
              'Batista are secondary characters. This would not be a problem '
              'if the leads were interesting, charismatic or well written, but '
              'they unfortunately are none of those things.I enjoy B movies. '
              'For me, everything can be forgiven if the movie is fun. But '
              'this is just boring.',
 'tt6518634': 'This film begins with an attractive and extremely wealthy woman '
              'named "Katrina" (Sammi Cheng) walking into the corporation she '
              'manages and finding her fiancé by the name of "Qin Feng" '
              '(Terence Yin) having a clandestine affair with one of her '
              'employees. Needless to say, this infuriates her to the point '
              'that she decides to give up on men entirely and focus instead '
              'on having a baby through artificial insemination. So after '
              'discussing the matter with her personal assistant "Vivian" '
              '(Joyce Wenjuan Feng) they set out to find the right person to '
              'make this happen. However, just when they encounter '
              'difficulties finding a suitable man, Katrina is saved during a '
              'violent attack from another one of her employees by a delivery '
              'man named "Xiao Bo" (Hsiao-Chuan Chang). And it\'s then that '
              'Katrina decides to add him to her list of potential sperm '
              'donors. But in order to keep everything secret both Vivian and '
              'Katrina decide to offer him a job as chauffeur and bodyguard '
              'until just the right moment. Now rather than reveal any more I '
              "will just say that, even though this clearly wasn't a great "
              'romantic-comedy by any means, there was enough romance and '
              'humor to keep things interesting for the most part. Likewise, '
              'while I liked the performances of both Sammi Cheng and '
              'Hsiao-Chuan Chang, I have to say that I especially enjoyed the '
              'scenes involving Joyce Wenjuan Feng which I thought were simply '
              'hilarious. That being said, viewers interested in a cute film '
              'of this type might find this one to be worth a look and I have '
              'rated it accordingly. Slightly above average.',
 'tt6547728': 'Three guys look after a dolphin which disappear after a wet '
              'night. It doesnt deserve 2 out of 10. I laughed sometimes '
              'during the movie.',
 'tt6576482': 'A experimental documentary which reveal a critical situation of '
              'Chinese human rights. \n'
              'Human no shadow. Shadow no trace. Surveillance cameras are '
              'everywhere.',
 'tt6604536': 'This movie is one of the saddest and most best story telling '
              'movie I have ever seen, about a young girl that has to take '
              'care of her sick mother and at the same time keep herself in '
              "school in time so she won't be kicked out.Ming Ming is a 12 "
              'year old girl, who just started her middle school class, she is '
              'high ranked student and has the mark of a two lines, but one '
              'day she comes home to find her mother in bad condition, she is '
              'diagnosed cancer and has not long to live, poor Ming Ming has '
              'to put her study aside to rescue her mother, but her sacrifice '
              'makes it difficult for her to keep up with school and risk of '
              'being kicked out, when her teacher finds out about the mothers '
              'diagnose than she Dessie she will help too, but are they '
              'enough?What I love about Chinese movies is that they know how '
              'to tell stories about people, when Hollywood and Japan and '
              'South Korea are getting more popular with action packed movies, '
              "Chinese brings us people stories and a single child's story is "
              'one of the best, one can feel the heart break of Ming Ming and '
              'her mother while they go through the suffering. All cast and '
              'crew did a fantastic job specially the child actress Shuqin Yan '
              "and Zhang Xiao Hua who play her best friend, I'm love this "
              'movie with all my heart. Sad story and best Chinese movie ever '
              'made',
 'tt6622024': 'This is the debut film of Hu Ling Meng, at that time she was '
              'named Hu Sang and only 16 years old.This movie is about a young '
              'girl who try to find her true self after her mother died and '
              'her father is getting remarried by her own best childhood '
              "friend.It's a good movie about conflicts in life",
 'tt6628322': 'I have found a number of Chinese movies and television shows to '
              "be entertaining, so I don't have an automatic prejudice against "
              'them, as apparently some other IMDb users have. This particular '
              'Chinese movie has some interest in that while it was officially '
              "based on a book, it's clear that it took a little inspiration "
              'from the American blockbuster "Independence Day". It aims to '
              'stand up well to its inspiration, and to a degree it does, '
              'having top notch cinematography, sets, and props. The CGI does '
              "look a little cartoony at times, but that didn't bother me too "
              "much, since it's often that way in American blockbusters.What "
              'DID bother me, however, was the script. The scriptwriters '
              'definitely should have had some professional feedback to fine '
              'tune it before filming started. As it is, the movie first '
              'starts off with an almost incomprehensible opening, as if '
              'several pages of explanation had been written but were ripped '
              'out. A bigger problem is with the characters of the movie. '
              'There is no attempt to make the alien invaders anything more '
              "than a mindless robot-like foe. Also, there's little attempt to "
              'flesh out the human characters; they generally come across as '
              'stock characters you have seen in other movies before instead '
              'of having true and interesting personalities. Also, the story '
              'comes to a halt for long periods several times, resulting in '
              'some dull patches.While this Chinese blockbuster is a better '
              'than the recent Chinese blockbuster "The Wandering Earth", '
              "it's not by much. I will end this review by saying what I said "
              'for that earlier film: If Chinese filmmakers really want their '
              'homegrown blockbusters to be embraced by a world audience, they '
              'really need to make sure the scripts are decent enough before '
              'filming starts. If that were to happen, Chinese movies would '
              'start being serious competition for Hollywood movies.',
 'tt6654316': '"Youth" is a beautifully made movie with amazing acting, a '
              'decent storyline, and a good rendition of a difficult time in '
              'China. This movie definitely has its share of problems though. '
              'There seems to be a particularly large amounts of plot holes '
              'and unanswered questions. An example would be the strange event '
              "involving the main character's sudden emotional downfall. The "
              'editing also seems very harsh in places, extremely noticeable '
              'in the war shots. I would also like to say that the English '
              'translations in the theaters are quite bad to be bland. As a '
              'person who both understands English and Chinese, I was amazed '
              'by how debatable some of the translations were. They seemed to '
              'find a way to overcomplicate the translations, and make the '
              'complicated screenplay look simple. "Youth" has some great '
              'acting from newcomer stars like Miao Miao and Elane Zhong. Xuan '
              'Huang gave the best performance in the film as Liu Feng, and '
              'Miao Miao surprised me with how much charisma she had playing '
              'He Xiao Ping. The acting overall is quite strong, and the '
              'actors all developed their characters well despite the small '
              'amount of character background. The visuals are nothing short '
              'of stunning from the beautiful dancing and choreography, to the '
              'breathtaking scenery that is very pleasing to the eye. Feng '
              'Xiao Gang also successfully produces a movie that accurately '
              "depicts the 1970's of China. This time period is basically "
              'untouchable, because of how delicate the government was then, '
              'but this movie really does try to show how the living condition '
              'was back then. Feng Xiao Gang seemed to have found a way to '
              "make a movie about the 1970's in China without offending the "
              'government too much."Youth" is full of lovable nostalgia and '
              'relatable moments. This movie will absolutely tug at your '
              'heartstrings and make you look back and treasure the moments of '
              'your youth.',
 'tt6660238': 'I found Crazy Stone to be pretty funny and Crazy Bicycle Race '
              'to be hilarious. This was somewhere between the two.If you go '
              "to watch it expecting a bit of ridiculousness and fun, you'll "
              "get what you expected. There's some decent witty humour hidden "
              'here and there throughout and a double dose of visual and other '
              'more obvious humour.A highlight that will often be overlooked '
              'is how a few key features played double-work in plot '
              'development and humour. In particular:\n'
              '* The special effects used with the alien character make it '
              "seem quite natural (not cartoon-ish nor 'Dr Who' costume-ish, "
              'but realistic) and importantly its human-like facial features '
              'are central to plot and laughter.\n'
              '* Similarly, the location, a theme park of famous monuments and '
              'buildings from all around the world, is central to plot and '
              'laughter.Expect to feel sympathetic both for the alien and the '
              'pair of guys stuck with him, because both are going to suffer '
              'hilariously!',
 'tt6690310': 'This action film but not be for everyone because by many other '
              'action standards it could be considered slow. But my movie '
              'group liked it - they take time with the characters - they '
              'explore their backstories, there are quite a few characters to '
              'follow but hang in there. Because there are some set action '
              'pieces that are gangbusters. In fact whoever did the main '
              'motorcycle stunts and car crashes deserves high praise. Some '
              'real stunning stunts - especially when the guy rides his '
              "motorcycle from one building to another! Plot wise you've seen "
              'it all before - cop goes deep undercover as he tries to bring '
              "down vicious drug cartel, but it's handled well and the acting "
              'is pretty good. So we recommend EXTRAORDINARY MISSION for the '
              'action & stunts!!',
 'tt6760836': 'I came across this and thought I would take a chance on '
              'watching it. There was not a plot summary listed here on IMDb '
              "so I went into it blind. I'm not sure how to summarize it well "
              'enough to add a plot but maybe reading my review ay help '
              'someone decide whether they would like to watch it.The best way '
              'for me to describe this is to say that it is an anthology film '
              'that sorta ends up being linked to each other. The first story '
              'is about a delusional woman who is set on finding a man who '
              'will not leave her. The second story is about a delusional '
              'woman who creates a relationship that is not real. The final '
              'story is about a delusional man who believes he has seen a '
              'woman begging for help while being held hostage in an '
              "apartment.While the stories were creepy, I'm not really one for "
              'anthology films and I never really grasp the actual connection '
              'between the three stories. At one point I thought they may have '
              'been liked by the individuals involved in the stories but then '
              'I started to think maybe they were linked through the building '
              "complex. I never came to a conclusion though.The acting wasn't "
              'awful but the stories were so vague that I was having a hard '
              'time staying interested. This is a Chinese film though and I '
              "should be fair by stating that I don't speak Chinese and that "
              'leaves me a bit disadvantaged due to not knowing whether the '
              'subtitles are relaying the story adequately.Considering all '
              'things, I chose to give it 4 Stars.',
 'tt6772874': "At its core, 'This is Not What I Expected' is about two "
              'diametrically opposite individuals who start off butting heads '
              'with each other but end up falling in love. On one hand is Lu '
              'Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro), the CEO of a multibillion '
              'international company called VN Group who flies around the '
              'world evaluating hotels for their worthiness before deciding '
              'whether to acquire them or not. On the other is Gu Shengnan '
              '(Zhou Dongyu), a junior sous-chef at the boutique hotel Rosebud '
              'in Shanghai where Lu Jin and his subservient assistant Richard '
              'Meng (Sun Yizhou) has just checked into for business (not '
              "pleasure, mind you). It isn't just their statuses that are "
              'different; their personalities are just as dissimilar – Lu Jin '
              'is a tightly wound, clinical individual who prides himself at '
              'being a perfectionist; whereas Shengnan is by and large a '
              'free-wheeling lark whose blithe attitude to life is only '
              "disturbed by her recent breakup with the hotel's\xa0\xa0"
              '(douche-bag) general\xa0manager Cheng Zixian (a very '
              'suave-looking Tony Yang). As much as scriptwriters Li Yuan and '
              'Xu Yimeng draw from the oldest trick in the rom-com playbook, '
              "their adaptation of renowned web novelist Lan Bai Se's 'A Long "
              "Time Coming' is no means stale. Oh no, the result is quite the "
              "contrary in fact. Mixing the familiar elements of an 'opposites "
              "attract' rom-com with the ingredients of a culinary comedy has "
              'proved quite the inspiration, and even if it does feel familiar '
              "on the whole, there's no denying that veteran editor Derek "
              "Hui's directorial debut still tastes fresh, delightful and "
              'often hilarious. Benefiting immensely from his years working '
              'with some of the best in the industry including Peter Chan '
              'himself, Teddy Chan and even Chen Kaige, Hui demonstrates '
              'confidence, discipline and clarity right from the get-go, '
              'displaying none of the shortcomings that usually plague '
              'first-time directors. That is clear right from the get-go: '
              "within the prologue, he establishes succintly not only Lu Jin's "
              'exacting standards in the food he eats, but also the '
              'businesslike approach with which he handles staff performance, '
              'telling an under-performing senior manager seated across a long '
              'table that he is fired. And then without letting up, Hui stages '
              'the first meet-cute between Lu Jin and Shengnan in a classic '
              'case of mistaken identity, as the former catches the latter '
              'vandalizing the hood of his car to avenge her heartbroken '
              'female buddy Xu Zhaodi (Meng Xi) and only agrees not to call '
              'the police after she lets him humiliate her, i.e. by writing on '
              'her forehead the telephone number of the company she is '
              'supposed to call to fix the damage she caused to his car. Oh '
              'yes, there is a precision to the way Hui approaches his scenes, '
              'such that each makes its point without outlasting its welcome. '
              'That same exactness also ensures the movie remains pacey – from '
              'the point Lu Jin steps into the Rosebud criticizing the '
              'customer service, room soundproofing and Michelin-starred food '
              'in turn; to his enchantment with the last-minute dish prepared '
              'by Shengnan and each one of her exquisitely plated dishes '
              'thereafter; to the series of encounters between Lu Jin and '
              'Shengnan that reinforce his annoyance towards her before he '
              'discovers she is the chef he has been enamored with; and last '
              'but not least to the pranks he plays on her before she realizes '
              'that he already knows her identity.There is plenty of screwball '
              'humour in between, and before the madcap antics turn '
              'repetitive, the second half switches gears for intimacy and '
              'even pathos. Over a nicely edited montage, we see Lu Jin '
              "turning up unannounced at Shengnan's messy but homely apartment "
              "where she lives with her dog named 'Boss', treating her as his "
              'personal chef, turning her place into his own home, and in the '
              'process discovering a much more human side to himself that he '
              'has been repressing. There is both sweetness and tenderness in '
              'a whimsical sequence where both hallucinate rain after having '
              'some poisonous blowfish for steamboat, and end up taking an '
              'umbrella out for a walk around the neighbourhood and on board a '
              "bus through Shanghai's beautifully lit streets. A late twist "
              "that sees Lin Chiling emerge as Lu Jin's personal chef is "
              'somewhat under-developed, but still makes the point of '
              'reinforcing how food has been a special bond between their '
              'hearts. And as a final note, it is admirable that Hui stays '
              'true to the quirks and eccentricities of his characters as well '
              'as their relationship during the heartfelt finale. That same '
              "consistency extends to Takeshi Kaneshiro and Zhou Dongyu's "
              'performances, so that we not only believe that their characters '
              'are authentic but are also invested emotionally in them. True '
              "to its title, 'This is Not What I Expected' is an unexpectedly "
              'enjoyable rom-com – the jokes land mostly where they should, '
              'the romance is sweet but never cloying, and the presentation is '
              'brisk, lively and engaging. It also boasts a pair of leads with '
              "sharp comic timing and great chemistry that you'll miss hanging "
              "out with the minute it's over, and with the venerable Peter "
              'Ho-sun Chan and his regular partner Jojo Hui as producers, you '
              'can be assured of a finale that is touching, poignant and '
              'genuine. Just be sure not to go into it hungry, because the '
              'wonderfully delectable food porn shots within will make sure '
              "that it isn't just your heart that will be stirred.",
 'tt6791096': 'If anyone questions this review, click on my name and you will '
              'see my over 530 reviews, not just this one review.This film was '
              "surprisingly outstanding, and something today's society needs "
              'to see.For starters, it is something fresh. Then I give the '
              'highest props to both joint writer and directors Abby Kohn and '
              'Marc Silverstein, of which this is only their 2nd film '
              'directing (1st being a short) and they nailed it. I never would '
              'have guessed this was directed by 2 novice directors. Also as '
              'seasoned writers, this one is a winner for me.This film had '
              'everything, a great story - and message- for current social '
              'issues, comedy, and romance. It was 100% pure entertainment. '
              "All these whiners complaining it's predictable... so what? So "
              'is a roller coaster ride, and I still go on it over and over, '
              "because it's entertaining and I enjoy it. What level of moron "
              'does one have to be to nitpick apart or psychoanalyze a comedy '
              'anyway??I am shocked and appalled at all these haters and '
              'wannabe critics slamming this film, and especially at those who '
              'gave this an undeserving 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5! There are so many '
              'garbage films out these days - bad writing, directing, casting, '
              'acting and lame humor that have higher scores than this film '
              'and it makes me shake my head.This film made me laugh - '
              'literally out loud, more than any other comedy this year, and '
              'almost cry. Sure maybe it was cheesy, but is was LMAO cheesy, '
              "and we have Amy Schumer to thank for that. I will admit, I'm "
              'not the biggest Amy Schumer fan, but she simply just nailed her '
              'role in this film - and probably her best performance to date, '
              "and I can't think of anyone else that could have been cast "
              'better for this role. Mad props to Amy Schumer as she now has '
              'my full respect and I am a fan!Everyone in this film was cast '
              'perfectly, from Emily Ratajkowski who also nailed her role and '
              'was perfectly cast for it, to the basement computer guy Adrian '
              'Martinez.The pacing was perfect as was the length. For me, this '
              'film was near perfection. Ignore the haters and wannabe critics '
              'and watch this fun and entertaining film, you will not regret '
              "it, and I'll bet you'll be just as surprised as I am!Will "
              'certainly recommend and watch again. A very well deserved 9/10 '
              'fun ride from me!',
 'tt6814080': 'There are a few stalwarts in the Hong Kong movie industry, and '
              "two of them are in this film.Tsui Hark's hand in creating "
              'commercial cinema during the "Golden Age" is legendary. Both '
              'entertaining and original, his classics such as A Better '
              'Tomorrow, A Chinese Ghost Story and Green Snake have all been '
              "milestones of any Gen X's cinema experience.Yuan Wo Ping is the "
              'other heavyweight, and is renowned for his martial arts '
              'choreography in Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, Kill Bill, Ip '
              'Man and the Matrix trilogy. His innovative sequences '
              'rejuvenated the genre, keeping audiences riveted with his fresh '
              'treatments.The Thousand Faces of Dunjia sees them as producer '
              'and director respectively, so expectations can hardly be '
              "faulted. The scale doesn't disappoint because we transcend both "
              'galactively and spiritually spheres, but the storyline feels '
              'fragmented and occasionally aimless, and I think I know why. '
              'The fantasy action flick seems firmly handled with the F word '
              "in mind - I'm talking Franchise.Let me first lay it out there - "
              'there is a sequel planned for this movie. That said, the film '
              'does provide closure with part one.Dao Yichang (Aarif Lee) is '
              "the village's newest constable. The motivated young man, "
              "thick-browed and sharp jawed doesn't always play by the rules, "
              'but always does the right thing in the end. While fighting a '
              'criminal-turned-demon one day, he gets tangled up with Iron '
              'Dragonfly (Ni Ni), who subdues the imp and brings it back to '
              'her clan.Turns out that an unspeakable evil force is gathering, '
              'and already demons both trapped in the earth and comets are '
              'emerging to prepare for its arrival. While this is happening, '
              "Dragonfly's Wuyinmen clan hunts for their new leader, and "
              'clansman Zhuge Fengyun (Da Peng) sees hope in the form of Xiao '
              'Yuan (Zhou Dong Yu), a child-like waif locked up in a prison '
              'for an incurable disease. This flimsy urchin turns out '
              '(expectedly) to be their potential salvation.While the film has '
              'lofty goals, featuring stunning sets and a plethora of '
              "characters, it's not something that impresses all that "
              'much.First of all, the plot feels like its setting up too much '
              'for the sequel, with story nuggets dropped but never picked up. '
              'Even when it does, such as the painting or the powerful sword, '
              'questions are still left unanswered. All this might be '
              "considered a purposeful cliffhanger, but it's only a metre drop "
              'down. Without background or context, the tidbits answered with '
              "more jargon just leaves the audience uninvested in what's "
              'coming. Maybe if Hark and Yuan had spent more time in fleshing '
              'out the story than focusing on distractions like piddling jokes '
              'or abrupt titles, The Thousand Faces of Dunjia would have had a '
              "better chance at being exceptional.There's also the matter of - "
              'the effects. CGI has come a long way, and even though Asian '
              'cinema has always struggled, in The Thousand Faces of Dunjia '
              "it's like the whole team gave up. The renderings are so awkward "
              'with the scenes they are in, you never obtain the full wonder '
              "it's meant to deliver. Blasphemously, they also ruined a lot of "
              'great action sequences. Half blocked by water serpents '
              'masquerading as blows, or fuzzy discs that spin so fast you can '
              "barely see what's the damage, the impact meant to be delivered "
              'landed like an apology from SMRT - unbelievable and detached.I '
              'will say the production design is still as gorgeous as ever, '
              'and the colours are trademark Tsui. Lush and romantic, it will '
              'no doubt still engage the visual senses. The actors also do a '
              'decent job of filling up their personas, though Lee and Da Peng '
              "do stand out for their natural performances.Hark's recent "
              'repertoire have received more box office success than critical '
              'acclaim, and it would seem that The Thousand Faces of Dunjia '
              'would continue that streak.',
 'tt6822788': 'A Loner is a very nice and sad movie about loneliness. It is '
              "subtle in the way it brings its message across. It's not just "
              'about the loneliness of the woman and the neglect from the '
              'family members, but also about the inability to change of the '
              'old woman. And then in the end, nothing is as it seemed and it '
              'was really meaningless, but not in a bad way.Visually the movie '
              'is simple, sober, but still beautiful. There is not a lot of '
              "dialogue, so you should watch this movie when you're not "
              'sleepy.',
 'tt6857250': "Viva Kids studio brings The Boonie Bears, a colorful children's "
              'movie, to the Big Screen with some beautiful animation, '
              'fantastical creatures, and a magical adventure that kids might '
              'enjoy. The family-friendly film opens June 14, 2019 and on '
              'DirecTV. You can see my full movie review at Movie Review Mom. '
              'Here are a few highlights.\n'
              'Things I liked:\n'
              'Beautiful animation, especially of nature. The leaves, rocks, '
              'and plants had such great detail. Some of the animated people '
              'looked so real when they were in "their" world. In fact, I had '
              'to look closely because I thought it might actually be '
              'live-action mixed with animation. Impressive.\n'
              'Voice talents include Mario Lopez and Josh Peck.\n'
              'The creative world building reminded me of the movie Avatar. '
              'Fantastica was really pretty and wonderous.\n'
              'Some original songs.\n'
              'The floating mushroom creatures were adorable and kind of '
              'reminded me of Spirited Away and Avatar.\n'
              'The Matrix-looking fight scene made me laugh out loud.\n'
              'Young girls will be inspired by the strong female lead.\n'
              'I like that Vick reads the book "The Road To Success" in order '
              'to improve himself. Talk to your kids about how they think they '
              'could become better each day. You can even continue the '
              'conversation by sharing some of your favorite self-development '
              "material with them.Things I didn't like:\n"
              'This movie makes you remember why Pixar, Illumination, and '
              'Disney are so great.\n'
              'The animation was really good except for the mouths and voices '
              'being disconnected. That was super distracting.\n'
              "The voices of some of the characters were strange and didn't "
              "match the characters' appearances or personality at all. Maybe "
              'that was a deliberate attempt at humor, but it just felt off.\n'
              'Some of the editing was choppy.\n'
              'There is a bizarre musical montage with forced tears. The '
              'pacing felt really off. I\'m writing the word "off" a lot in '
              'this review, eh?\n'
              'It takes 39 minutes before you get to see Fantastica.\n'
              "Some of the characters' motivations are unclear and even "
              'confusing.\n'
              'It sounded like an old Saturday morning cartoon. Not in a good '
              'way.\n'
              'There is a character with an Iron Man-like jacket that seemed '
              'super random.\n'
              'Some things are simply not explained which could be confusing '
              'for kids or frustrating for parents.\n'
              'Some of the characters at the beginning completely disappear '
              'and we never see them again.',
 'tt6857276': 'The movie put some popular stars together to call young people '
              "to the cinema, but the story is too poor to attract me. It's a "
              'comedy, while the laugh points were so wired that make me '
              'awkward: I got the point but feel like an idiot when laughing '
              'out.I had no expect that young actors like Dilireba show '
              'consummate acting skills on the screen, but you should show '
              'some respect to the roles. You are part of the story, please '
              "get back online and tell yourself: I'm not in the TV "
              'show.Chinese audiences are desperate to see different kinds of '
              "films but not crude one like this.Maybe I ask too much, it's "
              'just another capital game at all.',
 'tt6864046': "I've always loved foreign cinema, especially the Asian culture; "
              "it's so diverse and unique that one could spend years and years "
              'studying and still barely scratch the surface. The history is '
              'vast and rich, and the films of Asian cinema always bring that '
              "to light. There's something about the craftmanship of such "
              'films that just feels so much more visceral and rewarding as '
              'compared to most American movies. And with Shadow we find '
              'director Zhang Yimou ("Hero", "The Great Wall") at his truest '
              'form, giving us his most visually satisfying, narratively '
              'complex, and action packed movie to date. The film does have a '
              "slow start, building the world that we're in and the characters "
              "and what their motives are. It's a layered narrative that "
              'requires a good bit of attention, each character giving meaning '
              "to the scene. Although the pacing is a tad off, it's always an "
              'absorbing watch due to the gorgeous cinematography, from the '
              'sweeping landscapes to the dense foggy atmosphere this movie '
              'just looks phenomenal. I found myself wanting the biggest '
              "screen possible to watch such a spectacle. There's a scene when "
              'opposing soldiers use their umbrella swords and twirl their way '
              'down a cobblestone street all the while firing their crossbows '
              "at the enemy, it's bonkers but it's so stylish and inventive. I "
              "thought I'd seen it all by now, but Shadow only goes to show "
              "there's probably a lot more to see. Overall Shadow is an "
              'exceptionally well made martial arts film, one that uses slow '
              'burn to a wonderful effect, never distancing itself from the '
              'viewer, but still able to build a strong hero and villain '
              'organically.',
 'tt6869538': 'Detective Dee: The Four Heavenly Kings is quite different from '
              'the other two entries about the modest, intellectual and clever '
              'Tang Dynasty investigator. While the first movie relies on its '
              'mysterious atmosphere and investigative techniques and the '
              "second film explores the detective's early career, the third "
              'movie is set between the two and is best described as an '
              'intrigue with supernatural elements. This is a very '
              'entertaining fantasy movie with dynamic martial arts elements '
              "and colourful costumes and settings but it doesn't have much "
              "depth, doesn't feature a surprising plot and doesn't rely on "
              'investigative techniques. Some people might therefore consider '
              'this the weakest entry in the franchise thus far. However, I '
              'have a different opinion. If you are ready to accept this movie '
              'as a wu xia fantasy film inspired by classic Hongkong cinema of '
              'the late eighties with contemporary images and sounds, you will '
              "experience a most entertaining blockbuster that doesn't only "
              'equal contemporary Hollywood fantasy movies but also beats most '
              'of those thanks to its intriguing historical references.The '
              'title of the movie is somewhat misleading. The four heavenly '
              'kings are only statues that are referenced in a note and then '
              'shown in one scene mid-way through the plot that lasts for '
              'about five minutes. They are never mentioned again afterwards '
              'and have no significant influence on the story. Detective Dee '
              'and the Dragon Taming Mace would have been a much more '
              'appropriate title.The story is set between Young Detective Dee: '
              'Rise of the Sea Dragon and Detective Dee: The Mystery of the '
              'Phantom Flame. Emperor Gaozong appoints Di Renjie to head the '
              'Department of Justice and gives him the mysterious, powerful '
              'and prestigious Dragon Taming Mace. Empress Wu disapproves of '
              'this as she realizes that Detective Dee might be her biggest '
              'obstacle on her ambitious quest for ultimate authority. She '
              "orders Di Renjie's sworn brother Yuchi Zhenjin to steal the "
              'mace and discredit her opponent. She hires a group of sorcerers '
              'to see the plan through and promises to not assassinate Di '
              'Renjie and his family. Di Renjie has however realized that the '
              'Empress wants to steal the mace from him and starts to '
              'investigate her motivations. He quickly realizes that she is '
              'manipulated by a group of discredited Indian sorcerers who want '
              'to take revenge for having been used and abused by Tang Dynasty '
              'officials. Di Renjie has to rely on his colleagues, a renegade '
              'criminal and a Buddhist monk to save the empire.The movie '
              'convinces with a steady pace and introduces the main plot right '
              'from the first scene. The film keeps this pace from start to '
              'finish and remains highly entertaining despite a running time '
              'over two hours. The most important characters are introduced '
              'quickly and coherently. The settings in old Tang Dynasty look '
              'incredible even though they appear to be a little bit too '
              'extravagant, polished and shiny. The visual special effects are '
              'astonishing and show a fascinating world between fantasy and '
              'history. The martial arts sequences are creative, dynamic and '
              'inspiring. The intrigues at the court are interesting to follow '
              "even though they don't offer anything new to the formula. The "
              "film's showdown is quite intense and of epic proportions in the "
              'key of something you would expect from The Lord of the Rings '
              'and the likes.On the negative side, the plot is somewhat '
              'predictable and lacks the wit, precision and cretaivity of '
              'previous installments. The investigative techniques that '
              'characterized the first two films of the franchise are '
              'certainly lacking in this movie. Still, Detective Dee: The Four '
              'Heavenly Kings is such a colourful, dynamic and imaginative '
              "movie that these minor flaws don't drag the film down.Detective "
              'Dee: The Four Heavenly Kings might be a cinematic blockbuster '
              "that is lacking depth and precision from time to time but it's "
              'the perfect film to escape your everyday life and explore a '
              'fascinating world between fantasy and history. You might feel '
              'disappointed if you are looking for a profound drama or clever '
              'thriller but you will explore a dreamy martial movie and an '
              'entertaining fantasy flick for sure. If you take this film for '
              'what it is without comapring it too much to the style of the '
              "previous two installments, you will get your money's worth "
              'while watching this Chinese blockbuster at your local cinema or '
              'at home.',
 'tt6871634': 'Trying so hard but plot is messy and lost... u lost me after 15 '
              "mins of the movie and don't know what is happening ...",
 'tt6878882': 'Similar to American made war movie in terms of action, '
              "equipment, tactics, but more realistic showing that enemy's "
              'capabilities and good guys getting hurt and shot! Some people '
              "say it's Chinese military propaganda, I'd say it's about the "
              'same level of s**t as u see American war movies. If only bad '
              "guys die so much more often than good guys, we wouldn't have so "
              'many wars. 🤔. A good change to see heroic action movies that '
              "don't speak English!",
 'tt6900380': "'Dealer/ Healer' is the 'bad-guy-makes-good' story of Chen Hua "
              "(Sean Lau), the once infamous gang leader of the '13 Tsz Wan "
              "Shan' who renounces his bad habits of drug abuse and "
              'trafficking after a prison stint and starts a rehabilitation '
              'centre to help those who were lost like him but are looking to '
              'turn over a new leaf. Chen also had a reputation for being a '
              "'fixer', often acting as a mediator between two rival gangs "
              'before their enmity threatened to get out of hand and '
              'necessitated formal police action. Chen was also known to be '
              'fiercely loyal to his two buddies – Trumpet (Lam Ka Tung) and '
              'Kitty (Zhang Jin) – whom he made sure kicked the drug habit '
              'with him after they were released from prison. And last but not '
              'least, he was just as fiercely loyal to his one true love, Ke '
              'Rou (Jiang Yiyan), whom he first courted as a brash teenager, '
              'gave plenty of grief as a reckless gangster, and tries to win '
              "back the favour of upon his transformation.It's a lot to "
              '(pardon the pun) deal with in the span of just 100 mins – '
              'indeed, these events span in real life over three decades and '
              'could arguably be material for an entire TVB series – and true '
              "enough, veteran director Lawrence Lau's movie could really do "
              'with some (pardon the pun, again) healing of its own. Chiefly, '
              'neither Lau nor his screenwriters, Chan Man Keung and Lin '
              'Huiju, are sure of just what they want their movie to be or '
              'what they want their viewers to take away from it, so much so '
              'that it simply ends up being completely scattershot. As a '
              'cautionary tale on drugs, it is hardly compelling enough; as a '
              'tale on brotherhood, it fails to convey that deep sense of '
              'loyalty between Chen Hua, Trumpet and Kitty; and as an '
              'inspirational story, it lacks a strong enough character arc for '
              "us to identify and empathise with Chen Hua's decision, "
              'determination and conviction to make a fresh start. Probably '
              'the only thing it does fairly well is to transport you back to '
              'Hong Kong in the 1970s and 1980s, when crime was rampant, cops '
              'were corrupt and gangsters were the rage.As much as this '
              "China-approved production doesn't intend to glamourise the "
              "heydays of the triads, 'Dealer/ Healer' is ironically much more "
              'engaging when portraying the ins and outs of how drugs were '
              'peddled by these organised thugs. Oh yes, you can almost feel '
              'the conscious effort by the producers to denounce such '
              'behaviour by interrupting scenes of Chen Hua and his cohort '
              "dealing drugs in Kowloon's infamous Walled City with that of "
              'Chen Hua being interviewed by a panel assessing his suitability '
              "for the 'The JCI Hong Kong Ten Outstanding Young Persons' award "
              'many years later, where he describes how and why he had '
              'renounced his erroneous ways of the past. And yet the former is '
              'probably the most captivating part of the film, portraying '
              'vividly the dark, dank alleyways of the City carved into '
              'districts by various gangs, the addicts hooked to its lifeblood '
              'and the police officials which help the gangs safeguard their '
              "turf and/or muscle into their rivals' territories.One of these "
              'aforementioned officials is Halley (Louis Koo), who saves Chen '
              "Hua's life when the latter is found trafficking drugs on his "
              'own outside the gang and will come to develop a close bond of '
              'friendship with when he is released from prison. Unfortunately, '
              'Halley is treated as much an afterthought as Trumpet and Kitty, '
              'ultimately squandering the strong chemistry between Lau and Koo '
              'in no less than their sixteenth collaboration together. Ditto '
              'for Trumpet and Kitty, who aside from underscoring how Chen Hua '
              'remained loyal to his childhood buddies through the years, '
              "don't seem important enough to warrant much attention or detail "
              '– and therefore manifestly wasting the talents of two '
              'over-qualified supporting actors Lam and Zhang.Undoubtedly, '
              "both wouldn't have passed on the chance to star beside Lau, who "
              'is not only one of the most well-respected Hong Kong actors of '
              'our time but also one of the very best. Lau brings his everyman '
              'likability to a role that could easily have come across as '
              'sanctimonious especially in the latter half; instead, he plays '
              'the redeemed Chen Hua with dignity and humility, and is the '
              'reason we still manage to root for his character (such as to '
              "reunite with Ke Rou) despite the script's slipshod character "
              'work. Lau also proves his versatility yet again playing an '
              'entirely different Chen Hua in the early bits of the film, so '
              'consumed by his own drug habit that he fails to see how that is '
              'destroying his relationship with Ke Rou as well as endangering '
              "the lives of his own buddies. Truth be told, 'Dealer/ Healer' "
              'would probably be a tidy little drama were it made in director '
              "Lawrence Lau's heydays in the 1990s, given its strong "
              'distinctive Hong Kong flavour in theme, character and backdrop. '
              "Lau's sensibilities, as well as probably that of veteran "
              'screenwriter Chan Man Keung, have not changed since that era, '
              'and on that account of being a full-bodied Hong Kong movie, '
              "'Dealer/ Healer' would surely be good enough to recommend. Yet "
              'in the wake of much more arresting drug-themed movies like '
              "Derek Yee's 'Protégé', Johnnie To's 'Drug War' and Benny Chan's "
              "'The White Storm', 'Dealer/ Healer' comes off a lot less "
              'outstanding for its unfocused narrative and under-developed '
              'characters. And like its title suggests, it is also ultimately '
              "bipolar in how it wants to 'deal' and 'heal', the former half "
              'proving to be intriguing and even gripping compared to a latter '
              'half that is always bland and occasionally boring.',
 'tt6903084': 'Its a snide Toy story but it is nicely done, the voice acting '
              '(for the most part) is good and it looks nice enough.\n'
              'Bit weird as far as plot goes but some nice sequences, '
              'enjoyable enough.',
 'tt6908536': 'For that audience, and no worse than many western action flix. '
              'Very simplistic story but good aerial graphics (in general) and '
              "technology. Interestingly the 'bad guys' seemed to be Russian "
              'or at least one of the southern ?styistans but speaking '
              'English, hmmmm not sure what to make of that\n'
              'Anyway not a great film but no worse that many out of the west.',
 'tt6968118': 'A singer was killed by unknown person and the suspect was her '
              'son and manager..\n'
              'The movie has lot of twists and turns and mysteries too...\n'
              'We could surprise at the ending eventhough if we guess the '
              'murderer...\n'
              'Must watchable..',
 'tt6969912': 'When I found out the fact that the cute boy is not a boy. Even '
              'make the story much better.Bitter sweet of poor family, yet '
              'still happy to face the day. New member come, and things is so '
              'fun.Well done CJ 7 Great movie worth to watch',
 'tt6984304': 'I enjoyed this movie so much. It shows how important is to keep '
              'striving through adversity. In reminds me a lot of "To Live" by '
              'Zhang Yimou. A small grain of goodness will over come a '
              'mountain of evil. That no matter what happens, your relations '
              "with your family and the family's continuity is the reason of "
              'life.\n'
              'The only issue I had with the movie is that the english '
              'subtitles were not accurate. The spelling was not good, but I '
              'would still recommend the movie.',
 'tt7013194': 'I stumbled upon this chinese movie by accident and was quite '
              'positively surprised how compelling the storytelling was, and '
              'all the comedic quirks and oddities worked really well and were '
              "on point. It's style can be described as close to watching an "
              'japanese anime and there are references to japanese manga/anime '
              'subculture which is hilarious well portrayed, but doesnt get '
              'tacky or over the top, this is due to the actors who played out '
              'their roles convincingly well. This movie is fun, upbeat, '
              'touches the emotion and is a overall feel good movie!',
 'tt7022720': 'I love movies set in rural China. The scenery is usually '
              'breathtaking and the various customs and traditions are '
              'fascinating. And from this point of view, "The Taste of Rice '
              'Flower" didn\'t disappoint.Set in a small Dai village along the '
              'Sino-Burmese border, the movie tackles a sensitive subject, '
              "China's left-behind children. It tells about the fractured "
              'relationship between a migrant worker and her left-behind '
              'daughter. The story is simple, quiet and slow-paced, offering a '
              "fascinating glimpse into the Dai's rich and colorful "
              'culture.However, although the movie had some poignant moments, '
              "in the end i felt it lacked something. It wasn't emotionally "
              'engaging enough. That being said, do give it a chance though, '
              "it's still well worth watching.",
 'tt7055592': 'Brotherhood of Blades II: The Infernal Battlefield is a prequel '
              'of Brotherhood of Blades released three years earlier. However, '
              "you don't necessarily need to know the latter to understand the "
              'former. Some of the characters and the settings are alike but '
              'the story is a different one that even contradicts some '
              'elements shown in the first film.Stylistically, we get a '
              'stylish wu xia movie with some conspiracy elements. The '
              'characters use arrows, daggers, swords and bare hands and feet '
              'to fight and most fight sequences look quite realistic. The '
              'opening sequence suffers from heavy CGI effects but the rest of '
              'the movie convinces with stunning landscapes and beautiful '
              'costumes. The locations are more diversified than in the first '
              'film. The conspiracy is similar to the first movie as Imperial '
              'Assassin Shen Lian gets caught in a conflict between a group of '
              "rebels supporting the emperor's younger brother and the "
              'emperor, his eunuch and government officials. Shen Lian tracks '
              'down some of the rebels before he decides to save a female '
              'painter he sympathizes with. From then on, he tries to cover '
              'his actions up and gets progressively involved with the group '
              'of rebels. However, he soon realizes that some of his '
              "colleagues are two-faced and that he can't trust anyone.There "
              'are only a few minor reasons why I like this second film a '
              'little bit less than the first one. First of all, the '
              "exaggerated opening sequence doesn't start the movie on a "
              "positive note. Secondly, the side characters aren't as "
              "intriguing as in the first film. Thirdly, the movie's ending "
              'feels rushed and the scene after the credits is a waste of '
              'time.However, if you like dynamic historical fiction cinema, '
              'Brotherhood of Blades II: The Infernal Battlefield delivers the '
              "goods. It's stylish, filled with action, passion and tension "
              "and is entertaining from start to finish. Even though you don't "
              'need to be familiar with the first film to understand this '
              'prequel, I would recommend watching the former first because '
              "it's the better movie. If you like it, you can't go wrong with "
              'this one either.',
 'tt7068836': 'This is one of the most visually impressive martial arts movies '
              'I have seen in a while. The outside shots and camera work is '
              'stunning and I barely detected any CGI. Overall a very old '
              'school feel with a high budget and current standards of '
              'filmmaking.On the other hand, I realize that most Chinese '
              'martial arts films are fairly nationalistic and sexist (it '
              'comes with the genre) but this one kind of dials it up to an '
              'extreme. Like all foreigners are basically untrustworthy '
              'devils, all women are in constant danger of being raped by '
              "madmen if they stray on their own, etc. It's almost to the "
              'point of parody here and for example the girl who is supposed '
              'to be an innocent village girl is treated like a Lolita figure, '
              'the young man who is the protagonist and "decent common man" '
              'has incestuous feelings, etc. Very strange film as a result..',
 'tt7075594': "I appreciated this film because of my love for Zhou Xun's "
              "subtle, edgy acting style as well as the director's choice to "
              "make the 'modern-day' part of the film into a pseudo- "
              'documentary starring Tony Leung-Kar-wai. The story itself would '
              'have been more touching if the lighting and staging were less '
              "vibrant/staged. I'm not sure whether the fakeness of the "
              'dialogue and mise-en-scene are intentional, but it turned me '
              'off to a film dedicated to a nationally traumatic time for '
              'Greater China. It instantly reminded me of pro-CCP propaganda '
              'dramas... Shout out to the handsome and very talented two male '
              'actors! I had little faith in them but they proved me wrong '
              'this time around. :)',
 'tt7124742': 'This documentary offers a very intimate, warm and at times '
              'heart-breaking portrait of an average countryside Chinese '
              'family in Guizhou province, famous for its karst landscapes and '
              "rice terraces. The subject matter is the director's own family "
              'and their day-to-day pastimes, ruminations about their past and '
              'future, and as the events progress, their coping with a '
              'devastating loss amidst their loved ones. The documentary is '
              'focussed around Chinese New Year, which usually takes place '
              'within January or February on the lunar calendar. All scenes '
              'are interspersed with beautifully captured images of the '
              'surroundings and countryside. A degree of familiarity with more '
              'old-fashioned Chinese culture (that outside of the big cities) '
              'helps quite a bit to understand the portrayed scenes but is '
              'certainly not required. Warmly recommended for the casual '
              'viewer, and a must for anyone having in some way ties to rural '
              'China.',
 'tt7131870': 'As far as action movies go, this was pretty good. Director Wu '
              'put a lot of time and energy in this and it pays off. The fight '
              'scenes, chases, and suspense was well done and the movie never '
              'seemed to stop the action. Acting was not Oscar winning but '
              'sufficient. Throughout the movie is interspersed China '
              'feel-good themes that even Beijing would be happy with... '
              'national pride, respect of China from others, participant in '
              "international law, etc. But what country doesn't have their own "
              'feel-good flicks? US certainly has their share. Overall a big '
              'improvement from the first movie. Not sure this movie will be '
              "popular outside China but maybe that doesn't matter.",
 'tt7133686': 'Aside from the film involving robots with feelings this is far '
              'from Big Hero 6. I love BH6 and this film is definitely up '
              'there with it. Some reviews below were rated poorly based on '
              'the main character Mai being an angry brat but that IS her '
              'character and if she made you feel that way then her job was '
              'complete. Her actions were intended to upset you and make you '
              'disagree with them so great job with that! Those that said the '
              'film is too violent are just being overly sensitive. Look at '
              'all the kids films/shows out there that are just as violent, if '
              'not more - Power Rangers, DragonBallZ,Tom & Jerry, TMNT, The '
              'Lion King, etc - Stop being so sensitive people. I thought Momo '
              'the dog was the highlight of the show. The beeping was '
              "hilarious and we don't really know what is being said, we're "
              'just assuming it was cussing but it really added a lot of humor '
              'to the film.I really liked how the film depicted humans as '
              'being so dependent and addicted to the robots, much like how we '
              'are so addicted to our phones and other technology now. The '
              'animation was amazing, kudos to Tangent studios for a great '
              'job! Overall the film is fantastic for both kids and adults.',
 'tt7146054': 'I know the few reviewers who are writing here are trying to see '
              'this movie through a political light and are dissappointed. But '
              'from my perspective as a person who is simply watching to '
              'appreciate an animated story, I think this movie is very '
              'interesting in its storyline, concept and its unique artstyle '
              "which hasn't yet been seen in Chinese animation. This movie is "
              'filled with metaphors and philosophical questions on what it '
              'means to be human, the control and manipulation of the general '
              'population to benefit the few who want to remain in power and '
              'the power of love and kindness. There are a lot of hidden '
              'messages which is left for the viewer to savour and a lot of '
              "questions are left open for the viewer's imagination. Given the "
              'strict censorship laws in China, I think the writers and '
              'producers made a very brave attempt at self-expression. The '
              "artistic expression is something I haven't yet seen before in "
              'Chinese animation which has been a through-provoking and '
              "refreshing watch. This movie won't appeal to all audiences. It "
              'is also not very suitable for young children. If you want to '
              'watch this movie, try to take it with an open mind. Perhaps you '
              'will reap more harvest that way.',
 'tt7176170': 'Great cinematography and true story about the war in 1937 china '
              'versus japan; showing how the valiant peope of China fought '
              'bravely to defend their country - and not only with military '
              'force but also with communication, conflict resolution and '
              'international cooperation.',
 'tt7180392': 'Peace Breaker is the Chinese remake of the critically acclaimed '
              "2014 Koren smash hit A Hard Day, and follows the original's "
              'plot faithfully, so anyone interested may want to check that '
              "out, as I won't put any spoilers on the plot here.As a way of "
              'circumventing the rigid Chinese censorship, the entire story is '
              'set in Malaysia, a country with a large ethnic Chinese minority '
              'and where Chinese is among the official languages, instead of '
              'in mainland China. If anyone wonders, certain major story '
              'elements (police corruption, drug dealing, generally portraying '
              'a city as a fairly dark place) would make it difficult if they '
              'were set in a mainland city. Perhaps for the same censorship '
              'reason, a flawless positive mainland cop character is put in '
              'the film and is played by a handsome actor, but the character '
              'is unfortunately paper thin and uninteresting. Setting the '
              'story in HK would pose different problems, such as having '
              'everyone speaking in Cantonese which would be unappealing in '
              'the mainland market.Aaron Kwok and Qianyuan Wang both gave '
              'stellar performances. They are simply the bread and butter of '
              "the film, and I can't imagine this film without their notable "
              'acting. The supporting cast is actually the weakest part of the '
              'film, as the characters are both under-written (some with '
              'terrible Chinese TV opera level dialog) and uninspired. '
              'TV-presenter-turned-singer-turned-actress Liu Tao plays Aaron '
              "Kwok's wife, but her acting is no match of her on screen "
              'husband and this is painfully obvious in almost every scene '
              'they appear together in. The technical departments have done a '
              'good job, and the script obviously benefited from the '
              'brilliance of the original, and the localization added plenty '
              'of working humor into the story. Overall, this is a fairly '
              'solid remake.7/10',
 'tt7181738': "This gem won Best Feature-Length Documentary at this year's "
              'International Christian Film & Music Festival and it was '
              'well-deserved. Director Li invited me to her screening at the '
              'festival and I attended it with my son. The turnout was quite '
              'small with perhaps four of us attending by my estimation. Ms. '
              'Li met us outside the showing room and greeted us warmly. She '
              'sat and talked with us through an interpreter for a couple '
              'minutes before the showing and was followed was the chronicling '
              'of an amazing story of an amazing ministry, the Home of '
              'Mephibosheth which provided for children born with severe '
              'physical and/or developmental challenges, abandoned by their '
              'parents. This struck me personally, as one who worked in the '
              'past with adults similarly afflicted. I was moved to tears of '
              'both joy and sadness but nonetheless ultimately inspired. I '
              "really hope director Li finds distribution for this film. It's "
              'a story that needs to be shared with as many people as '
              'possible--especially given the anti-life climate growing around '
              'us. If there is any way for you to see Home of Mephibosheth, I '
              'strongly encourage you to do so.',
 'tt7183578': 'Hugely invested, super casting, the movie should have been a '
              'classic action film. The acting of Chow is beyond doubt '
              'fantastic. Aaron, to me, is the first movie that showcase his '
              'best actor acting skill. All his previous movie is lawyer or '
              'police officer. This role here as a villian gives him ample '
              'chance for applying his already matured acting ability. Female '
              'lead is not first line actress in television. But she is '
              'surprisingly able to carry her role quite well together with '
              'the 2 male superstar.The plot of the movie is not in par with '
              'the super casting. The story in the first half is ok. But '
              'towards the second half the storyline is a bit loosened, losing '
              'the excitement that the first half is carrying. Scenes of '
              'killing are excessive and unnecessary. It is as if the killing '
              "scene is added only for the purpose of showing off Chow's "
              'previous hero role in movies. It is not in line with the '
              'original plot where Chow should never be caught.Otherwise the '
              'film is on the whole above standard and worth seeing. It is my '
              'impression wherever Chow is present in movie, the movie would '
              'be biased towards showing off his hero quality. And hence the '
              'continuity of the story is destroyed ans unnecssary scenes are '
              'added. This is the cost of seeing Chow in movie.',
 'tt7185492': 'The film is somewhat distorted in historical scenes. Moreover, '
              'why is the image of Ye Ting, a general, played by young actors '
              'and looks so feminine. Finally The footage of the Nanchang '
              'uprising is still good, and it is very realistic. The last part '
              'of the autumn harvest uprising was shot in a hurry .',
 'tt7205208': "This is a very, very heavy film. It's slow, it's dark and it "
              'features some seriously unsettling sequences that will make you '
              "feel like there's nothing to live for at times. However, that "
              "doesn't mean it's an incredibly riveting and very well-executed "
              'film, featuring some really strong performances in tandem with '
              'brilliant directing and a screenplay that, although it may not '
              'move along with so much urgency, is full of fascinating '
              "twists.Let's start off with what makes the film work so well: "
              "Vivian Qu's directing. Throughout, Angels Wear White feels a "
              "lot like watching one of the Dardennes Brothers' films, simply "
              "because it's directed in such a frank and often exhausting "
              'manner. Qu does a brilliant job to give the film its rather '
              'harrowing atmosphere by never relenting when it comes to '
              'showing some very unsettling moments, but she also manages to '
              'keep that darker, disturbing sense running at every moment '
              "throughout the film.For one, there's very little in the way of "
              'a score here. Yes, there are a couple of scenes with a bit of '
              "background music, but for the most part, it's either total "
              'silence or a very unnerving violin playing an incredibly deep '
              'sound. Couple that with the fact that there are often lengthy '
              'periods without any dialogue, and the film becomes a truly '
              'unsettling watch, often emotionally exhausting in the fact that '
              'you have to witness people going through an incredibly tough '
              'situation while struggling to keep themselves together.And then '
              "there are all the long takes. Much like some of the Dardennes' "
              "recent films, Qu's Angels Wear White is full of very long and "
              'again exhausting takes, following characters around in their '
              "environment with barely any cuts. Of course, it's not all in "
              'one take, but its slow pace and heavy atmosphere is further '
              'accentuated by the fact that so many scenes seem to drag on, '
              'furthering the sense of despair and frustration felt by the '
              'characters.That may seem like a downside to some, and although '
              "it doesn't make the film any easier to watch, the "
              "cinematography is a vital part of the film's hugely affecting "
              'atmosphere, cementing it as a confidently- delivered drama '
              "that's simply very heavy-going on the emotional side.Moving on, "
              'the plot too is full of very dark and often really disturbing '
              'events that make it just as heavy, and yet still absolutely '
              'riveting to watch. While the central plot focuses on the '
              'investigation that unfolds surrounding the abusing of two young '
              'girls, the film delves into a series of other deeper issues '
              'that many people in modern China do suffer with.On the one '
              "hand, the story's darkest side looks at how one of the victims' "
              'life turns even worse after the incident following the fallout '
              'in her family. Assessing the fracturing nature of the modern '
              'family in a fascinating light, as well as the overbearing '
              "pressure of traditional values on young children, it's not what "
              "you'd call an inspiring story, but it is one that will give you "
              'an enthralling insight into some very deep, hidden problems.On '
              "the other hand, the story also follows Vicky Chen's character, "
              'a teenager working in a small motel without an ID card. '
              'Although her background is left a mystery for much of the '
              'story, the film sheds light on the difficulties that those '
              'without an ID card can suffer, even if they are honest, '
              'hard-working people. As an effective necessity for almost '
              'anything in modern-day China, this one girl is forced into an '
              'awful situation that not only puts more and more pressure on '
              'her own struggling life, but also begins to affect innocent '
              'parties around her, a particularly frustrating and upsetting '
              "side to the film's story.Finally, let's look at the "
              'performances, which are all excellent. Being a very quiet and '
              'often dialogue-light film, the cast of Angels Wear White are '
              'required to rely a lot more on their own acting talents to put '
              "across their characters' emotions, something that's very "
              'impressive to see throughout.Above all, Vicky Chen, Zhou Meijun '
              '(who plays the young girl) and Shi Ke are the stand-outs of the '
              "film. Chen and Zhou both bring their young characters' "
              'desperation to light brilliantly through very nuanced and '
              "confident performances, showing one of the film's central "
              'themes – loss of innocence – in a terrifyingly strong light. '
              'Shi Ke, on the other hand, plays a lawyer working on the '
              'investigation on the side of the young girl, and she really '
              'makes a big impression on the film by bringing a small shred of '
              'light to proceedings, giving you a tiny morsel of hope that '
              'things in this desperate situation could turn out okay in the '
              'end.Overall, I was very impressed by Angels Wear White. Nobody '
              'said it was going to be an easy watch, but it is a remarkably '
              'heavy-going and often harrowing story that, with very confident '
              'and effective directing, is an often emotionally exhausting and '
              'unsettling watch, furthered by dark drama and themes, and '
              'brought to life by some very impressive performances.',
 'tt7223050': 'The Brink is easy one of the best action movie from Hong Kong '
              'for many reasons.The action is very well choreograph with a '
              'stylish direction from Jonathan Li who previously worked for '
              'Cheang Pou-soi so you can see the similar between The Brink and '
              'SPL series but as a stand alone movie for Jin Zhang after '
              'playing many bad guy role in the past this is the best movie '
              'from him so far.Shawn Yue as the main villain is menacing and '
              'through out the movie he face off with Jin Zhang many times but '
              'I will appreciate more if the movie let them duking out a '
              'little bit more in the climax',
 'tt7232860': 'Most of time, a simplified story means the director want more '
              'people to understand the movie without any professional '
              'background or reading the novel before. But in this works, the '
              'mean story is broken and the motive is wired, resulting that '
              'some people can not make it clear what is happening.',
 'tt7245176': "The 'SPL: Sha Po Lang' brand in Hong Kong action cinema has "
              'come to stand for brutal, bone-crunching action in such '
              "memorable duels as Donnie Yen and Wu Jing's alleyway brawl in "
              "the 2005 original, Yen and Sammo Hung's mano-a-mano on a "
              'nightclub stage in the same, and more recently Wu Jing, Tony '
              "Jaa and Zhang Jin's fight-to-the-death in the 2015 "
              "sequel.'Paradox', the third in the 'SPL' canon, continues that "
              'grand tradition with director Wilson Yip returning at the helm '
              'and Hung as action director. Both franchise veterans ensure '
              'that the fights are just as fast, furious and fierce as their '
              'first film, but only judiciously bloody, so that the '
              'bloodletting never comes off as excessive. Among the highlights '
              'here are a daytime scuffle in an open bar that is followed by a '
              "breathless chase down Bangkok's busy streets, a close-quarter "
              'skirmish in a flat that continues into the dilapilated '
              "apartment building's corridor and onto its crowded rooftop, and "
              'last but not least a no-holds-barred showdown in a meat depot '
              'that is also a front for a mortuary of an illegal organ '
              'trafficking business. Each one of these action set-pieces are '
              'meticulously choreographed and beautifully executed, which is '
              'also credit to its stars Louis Koo, Wu Yue, Chris Collins and '
              'Jaa.Besides Jaa, the rest are not quite as well-known for their '
              'martial arts skills, but the training, practice and hard work '
              'that each one has put in is clearly evident. In particular, '
              "Koo's months of intensive training have paid off tremendously "
              'especially in the extended climax, which sees his character '
              'turn absolutely badass on tens of baddies successively in a '
              'vengeful rampage. Yue also proves quite the revelation; better '
              'known for his roles in Mainland TV drama serials than in movies '
              '(remember him in Police Story 2013?), the actor who holds a '
              'National Martial Arts Championship grade in wushu is less showy '
              'than his predecessors Yen and Wu but is no less precise or '
              'ferocious than them. Notwithstanding, you should know that Koo '
              "and Yue's top billing here isn't misleading; whereas Jaa took "
              'centrestage alongside his Chinese stars in the last movie, his '
              'presence here is no more than a glorified cameo – and it should '
              'also be said that his absence is sorely felt, given that his '
              'one-on-one rooftop fight with Collins is arguably the most '
              "breathtaking sequence in the entire movie.To Yip's credit, as "
              "much as the fighting is the movie's top draw, it never becomes "
              "its raison d'être but in service of the overall narrative. In "
              'that regard, all three movies have been thematically related, '
              "based upon the Chinese title's astrological reference of three "
              'individuals whose position relative to one another signified '
              'death and destruction. Here, these three are Hong Kong '
              'detective Lee Chung-chi (Koo), who has arrived in Bangkok to '
              'search for his missing teenage daughter (Hanna Chan); local '
              'Thai-Chinese cop Chui Kit (Yue), who has a six-month pregnant '
              'wife and whose father-in-law is the police commissioner Chai '
              '(Vithaya Pansringarm); and political aide Cheng Hon-Sau (Gordon '
              'Lam), who will resort to any means necessary to get an urgent '
              'heart transplant for the ailing Bangkok mayor in order to '
              "sustain the latter's re-election bid. Caught up in the ensuing "
              "melee is Chui Kit's fellow police colleagues Kit (Jaa) and Ban "
              '(Ken Low) as well as the leader of an illegal organ trafficking '
              "syndicate Sacha (Collins). It isn't hard to guess just how the "
              'characters are connected to one another, but returning series '
              'writer Jill Leung builds the story nicely to have us empathise '
              "with Chi's desperation, grief and vengeance as a single father "
              'at the loss of his beloved daughter. Just as visceral is the '
              'sense of powerlessness he feels against the corruption of those '
              'more powerful than him, so much so that despite responding in '
              'shockingly vicious ways, our sympathies remain firmly with him '
              'and his fists. More so than the earlier two movies, the '
              'storytelling here is a lot more fluid, confident and '
              'propulsive, good enough at least for us to overlook some of the '
              "obvious coincidences (like how Chui Kit and Tak's vehicles seem "
              'to agree not to start one after another so both can end up at '
              "the same place at the same time).So really, 'Paradox' is as "
              'solid an hard-boiled action thriller as it gets. The plotting '
              'is not just functional, endeavouring and largely succeeding to '
              'tell a story about karma, retribution and reconciliation. The '
              'acting is solid, each one of the performances a strong '
              'emotional anchor for the flawed characters whose relationships '
              'next to one another are defined by their respective choices and '
              'consequences. And perhaps most importantly to its fans, the '
              'action is as awesome as its predecessors, the fisticuffs often '
              'white-knuckle intense. This is as raw and real as it gets, set '
              'entirely against appropriately grimy backdrops in Thailand. As '
              "far as the 'SPL' canon is concerned, 'Paradox' is as fitting "
              'and satisfying an entry as it deserves, demonstrating not only '
              'that there is life yet to the series but that it is very much '
              'alive, kicking and definitive to Hong Kong action cinema '
              'itself.',
 'tt7263850': 'There was no plot, no performance, just a plain and straight '
              'story. Unfortunately, this story has nothing to do with most of '
              'Beipiao. If success is so simple, what else should we strive '
              'for? The only thing that feels good about the film is the poor '
              'lines.',
 'tt7286908': 'This is the second feature film release in 2017 to be based on '
              'the popular IP "Xin Li Zui", and has an even bigger cast than '
              'the earlier one, with A-Lister Deng Chao starring. Sadly, most '
              'aspects of the film can best be described as "average", or to '
              'be expected.The film attempts to utilize (thought about using '
              'the word exploit, but then decides against such a cynical '
              'expression) various controversies of yesteryear (referencing '
              'plenty of infamous cases that any adult living in China should '
              'be familiar with) to make the film appear "up-to-date", '
              'relevant, and socially conscious, and it more or less works. '
              "Other than this, however, the story has little that hasn't "
              'already been done to death by other filmmakers.*spoiler alert*\n'
              'My major complaint about this film, is the similarity of the '
              'last 15-20 minutes of Act II to genre classic Se7en. Really, '
              'swap the identity of the poor victim from the male '
              "protaginist's wife (Gwenyth Paltrow in Se7en) to his adopted "
              'daughter, and you will have yourself an almost scene-by-scene, '
              'plot point-by-plot point repeat of the final 20 minutes of '
              "Se7en. I don't know about movies, but if you do something like "
              'this when writing an academic paper, your dissertation perhaps, '
              'those anti-plagarism softwares will be flagging like crazy and '
              'you will likely get caught for doing something that is really '
              'lame.\n'
              '*spoiler alert ends*The technical departments are mostly fine '
              'with one exception, the editing. The editing in this film is '
              'absolutely terrible, to the point of being actively disruptive '
              'to my normal moviewatching process. Either cutting away from a '
              'scene-ending shot too soon, or ending a scene-starting shot too '
              'soon, or making a random cut out of nowhere, the editing is '
              'often clueless and I actively complained to my friends multiple '
              'times during the screening, and they were also annoyed by it. '
              'Granted, it is not AS consistently awful as in Resident Evil: '
              "The Final Chapter, but that's not saying much, is it?Most of "
              'the characters are built in your typical cookie-cutter fashion. '
              'The female lead delivers a particularly wooden performance that '
              'fails to measure against the even second most important female '
              'character in this film -- a 13 year old school girl played by '
              'an early teenage actor, which is quite something when you think '
              'about it.Overall I would have rated this a 6/10, ie. okay to '
              'decent, if not for the obviously similarity to Se7en in the '
              'final 15 minutes of Act II. As it stands, a slightly '
              'disappoiting 5/10.',
 'tt7294150': "While everbody seems to be going crazy over Christopher Nolan's "
              'new science-fiction epic Tenet, I must admit that I have '
              'prefered Chinese historical military drama The Eight Hundred a '
              'little bit more. The movie tells the story of a few hundred '
              'Chinese soldiers who desperately attempt to defend a warehouse '
              'against Japanese invaders. While national and international '
              'spectators idly observe the relentless battle from the other '
              'side of Suzhou Creek, the desperate soldiers realize that they '
              'are all alone on a suicide mission to defend their position, '
              'city and country.This epic movie convinces on numerous levels. '
              "The story is overall historically accurate which isn't the case "
              'for some other recent Chinese movies that depict their own '
              'people as unbeatable heroes and their opponents as relentless '
              'criminals. The realistic characters in this movie feel '
              'refreshingly human and have flaws and strengths. Some soldiers '
              'try to betray their brothers in arms to save their lives, '
              'secretely escape from the warehouse or simply try to hide to '
              "avoid fighting. However, it's great to see that even the oldest "
              'cowards, youngest deserters and stupidest egoists end up facing '
              'their deadly challenges and fighting for a better tomorrow. The '
              "character development in this film is excellent and it's easy "
              'to empathize with several of the diversified characters, '
              'varying from disillusioned children over overambitious military '
              'personnel to nostalgic elders. The locations look incredibly '
              'authentic and bring Shanghai in the late thirties to life in a '
              'visually stunning way. The contrast between dead bodies, '
              'destroyed buildings and dirty battle equipment on the north '
              'side of the river and ladies with fancy make-up, elegant '
              'casinos and contemporary vehicles on the south side of the '
              'river is truly captivating. The big-budget sound and visual '
              'effects are gripping and should be enjoyed at your local cinema '
              "as even the best set-up in your living-room couldn't bring the "
              'dramatic battles to life. Despite a length of two and a half '
              'hours, the film has great pace and especially the first three '
              'quarters go by very quickly.This movie would have been '
              "excellent if it weren't for its last quarter. The movie "
              'suddenly jumps back and forth in the timeline and focuses on '
              'redundant discussions and lengthy speeches that add patriotic '
              "pathos but considerably slow down the film's excellent pace. "
              'The final forty minutes or so could have been told in fifteen '
              'minutes and been much more impactful.Despite that minor flaw in '
              "the film's final quarter, The Eight Hundred is one of the best "
              'military dramas in recent memory. The story is mostly '
              'historically accurate, the sound and visual effects are '
              'impressive, the characters have depth and development and the '
              'acting performances are accurate, diversified and empathic. It '
              'might even be a great idea to transform this intriguing story '
              "into a television series at a certain point. Don't hesitate to "
              'watch this movie with English subtitles at your local cinema as '
              'The Eight Hundred is definitely the best movie of the year so '
              'far.',
 'tt7298400': 'Qiao is cool headed, smart, responsible and resourceful; good '
              'qualities to have when your boyfriend is a gangster. When Bin, '
              'her man, gets into trouble, Qiao gets him out of it. She fades '
              'into the background when Bin needs to take the spotlight. Qiao '
              'even takes a fall for Bin when he needs her in a pinch. And '
              'that is when he forgets her. Qiao emerges from five years in '
              'prison to cold indifference. To Bin, it is as if she did not '
              'exist. "People should keep their emotions in check" Bin\'s new '
              'woman tells Qiao. And even China seems to have forsaken her. '
              'This is a land where cities are swallowed whole by reservoirs, '
              'and the dark water is rising around Qiao. But this ingenious '
              'woman is going to get her groove back and do what is right, Bin '
              'or no Bin.Such depth and beauty to each element of this '
              'enthralling film. The cinematography is luminous, characters '
              'are fascinating, the story is not predictable, and bits of '
              'modern China are revealed for the complex wonders that they '
              'are. Depth is everywhere. Surprises are constant. Analogies are '
              'all around; tigers lurk in cages, a volcano looms in the '
              'distance, and a street performer picks out Qiao from a crowd '
              'and sings to her "who knew I\'d ever see you again." He speaks '
              'to her heart but does not know it. The actor who plays Bin has '
              'one expression in his bag of tricks, so he could have been '
              'better, but otherwise the acting is quite good. North American '
              'premiere seen at the 2018 Toronto International Film Festival.',
 'tt7339584': "Da Peng did a great job, again. Although there're some bad "
              "comments about this movie but I simply don't think those "
              'comments are genuine. When you become successful, haters come '
              'to you. anyway, this movie really worth your time. Enjoy!!',
 'tt7345928': 'Chinese directors making historical war movies seem to have a '
              'simple formula. Find out how many participated in the actual '
              'battle and then hire that many extras. This movie is like '
              '"Saving Private Ryan" only with bigger battle scenes. Major '
              'battles are lavishly and realistically portrayed making the '
              'point that virtuous kung fu is no match for artillery and '
              'Gatling guns. The Chinese characters are fully fleshed out and '
              'well acted from the wily old general who comes out of '
              'retirement to fight the French to corrupt Imperial officials '
              'profiting from the war. The French are one dimensional, evil, '
              'greedy, heartless and willing to kill innocent peasants without '
              'compunction. Reminds us of the way many directors portray Asian '
              'enemies in American war movies. A word about the '
              'cinematography: outstanding. The opening scene is an overhead '
              'shot of a troop of Chinese calvary winding through the forest '
              'to a river. As they cross, we are suddenly taken underwater to '
              'watch alligators attack the calvary. It adds zero to the plot, '
              'but every second is breathtaking. Just like the rest of the '
              'movie.',
 'tt7361776': 'A somewhat curious and emblematic film. I found it a bit '
              'confusing to understand it for a lack of nexus in some parts. '
              'There is a certain difficulty in making the connection between '
              'the plot characters. It is a movie more suitable for '
              'moviegoers. I like movies set in China or Eastern regions. '
              'Seeing culture, urbanism, landscapes, architecture, etc., is '
              'interesting.',
 'tt7362036': 'This is one of the best Chinese movies in history. The film '
              'discusses the grey areas under Chinese drug control and the '
              'boundary between law and human feelings. The whole movie has '
              "promoted the Chinese society's reflection on the control of "
              'drugs for the treatment of severe diseases and the excessively '
              'high price. to some extent, it also satirizes the inadequacy of '
              'the Chinese government in related issues. in fact, after the '
              'movie hit, people enthusiastically discussed related issues on '
              'the internet, which has also prompted the Chinese government to '
              'further make more positive changes to the inadequacy of current '
              'drug control. Such movie themes are rare under the current '
              'control system of the Chinese government for movie and TV '
              'creation themes.\n'
              "I don't understand at all that one of the comments written by "
              'IMDB user thebigsick thinks that the theme of this movie is a '
              'cliche, and even thinks that this movie has won good public '
              'praise and attention purely by means of propaganda and hype. \n'
              "Sorry, I can't understand why you think that way. The theme of "
              'this movie alone is worth thumbs up. Almost all Chinese movies '
              'will use a lot of online publicity before and at the beginning '
              'of their release. this is a commercial movie, there is no '
              'problem with doing so. However, not all movies will gain a good '
              'reputation because of hype. if the movie itself is very bad, '
              'and only depends on a lot of publicity and hype in the early '
              'stage. in less than three days, it will get a lot of bad '
              'reviews. Because the audience is not a fool. \n'
              'This movie scored 8.9 points on the well-known Chinese film '
              "review website douban movie ( you can understand it as China's "
              'IMDB, douban movie is a platform with a lot of credibility in '
              "China. many people will refer to douban's score before deciding "
              'whether to spend money on a movie,only a very small number of '
              'Chinese movies can score more than 7 points on douban ).Within '
              "a week of this movie's release, it has accumulated 1.8 billion "
              'RMB ( about 27 million us dollars ) in box office. Whether you '
              'like it or not, this proves that it is a good movie. So the '
              "user thebigsick didn't understand the real meaning of this "
              'movie at all, or why Chinese people think it is a good movie.',
 'tt7365296': 'Disturbing in several aspects, starting with that it reiterates '
              'how this monastery is under the Karmapa without explaining '
              'anything about who he is and showing almost all of the monks in '
              'a terrible and very unrealistic light-the younger monks cuss '
              'and fight throughout the movie. (Really? Or were there more '
              'than a few liberties taken with the translation?) Most of the '
              'few older monks offer very little supervision of instruction to '
              'the younger ones and they also show the head lama in a very '
              'negative light. So I have to wonder why they chose this poor '
              'little monastery and these particular students to focus on '
              'instead of a Rinpoche or at least a more typical monastery '
              'where the little monks have at least been taught about ahimsa '
              'and bodhicitta (really basic Buddhist teachings) and, speaking '
              'of, at least go into the basic teachings of Buddhism so '
              'non-Buddhists will not come away with a complete '
              'misunderstanding of an entire religion. And if a '
              "writer/director is going to focus on one of the Karmapa's "
              'monasteries then have the decency to show something more '
              'representative and focus a little bit on the Karmapa himself.',
 'tt7373674': "This wonderful melodrama (likely influenced by Raoul Walsh's "
              '1926 hit What Price Glory) stars Zheng Junli as Zheng, a '
              'working man entangled in a love triangle with his brother Luan '
              'and Swallow (Yanyan Chen), a young woman who lives with her '
              'abusive father in an upstairs apartment. Xiao and Luan fight '
              "constantly, until they're called away to fight the Japanese "
              'Army (which had invaded Chinese territory in 1931), culminating '
              'in rapprochement and the eventual settling of their romantic '
              "competition. The China Film Institute's recent restoration is a "
              'marvel; clean, crisp and suitably lustrous, it highlights all '
              'the innovations of late-period silent cinema as seen through '
              'the eyes of director Shi Donshang. A forgotten gem.',
 'tt7407350': 'This is about a couple who have been seeking fertility '
              'treatments. They decide to try the, for lack of a better word, '
              'custom of adopting a child in an attempt to bring forth a good '
              'omen to also aid them in their attempt to have a child of their '
              'own. After they adopt, some strange things happen, secrets are '
              "revealed and it all leads to a twist at the end.This wasn't bad "
              'but it was a little confusing. I think it tried to wrap '
              'everything up at the end but I still think that I missed '
              'something. I was reading subtitles though and sometimes things '
              "literally get lost in translation. This wasn't a horror movie "
              'and while it is suggested to be a thriller, I think it was more '
              "appropriately a dark drama.This isn't going to put you on the "
              'edge of your seat but it was a decent watch. The story was '
              'shaky at times but it sorta comes together at the end. Not bad '
              'for a pass-the-time watch.',
 'tt7424828': 'This film tells a pretty straightforward story, yet the '
              'narrative, the storytelling, is ingenious. That, along with the '
              'highly convincing acting of the madman by Zhibing Li '
              '(surprisingly, a nobody with zero track record) and the subtle '
              'yet ambitious cinematography (and innovative use of drones in a '
              'black and white film) by Dan Shao, amounts to a classic nearly '
              'reaching the height of Confessions (2010) which I consider to '
              'be the epitome of analepsis. \n'
              'Of course, to reach such a height, the story itself needs to '
              "hold weight, but Bangzi Melody doesn't fall short, as all the "
              'elements, on a domestic, local and even national level, that '
              'push our protagonist to madness are gradually revealed...and '
              'then some. The social pressure, indifference, and betrayal are '
              'shocking, and utterly chilling to the bone.\n'
              'The sparse and careful use of color elements tip a hat to '
              "Schindler's List, but execution is a little rough and in my "
              "opinion doesn't entirely serve its purpose in all of the scenes "
              'where they\'re used, but in a blanket "Should color have been '
              'used in this film, yes or no", my answer would still be a '
              '"yes", as it heightens the atmosphere in a few critical '
              'scenes.\n'
              'The film is very deliberate in recreating a rural village in '
              'China in the middle of nowhere, back in the 70s. Everything is '
              'old, the interior and exterior environments, the people and '
              "their thinking, their language, etc. Watchful as I am, I can't "
              'find anything to fault. If I really have to say, then the '
              'acting of some of the supporting actors may have been a little '
              'comical, but considering how bizarre some of the scenes were '
              'and the dark comedy delivered through the madman, that may have '
              'been intentional.\n'
              'The literally people-eating fervor and political oppression '
              'during the Cultural Revolution is masterfully conveyed, and the '
              'tightly-knit miniature society of rural China starkly contrasts '
              'with the cowardice, selfishness, and ingratitude of the poorly '
              'educated peasants. This is a masterpiece.',
 'tt7431894': 'If a film has a mediocre first half and a fantastic second '
              'half, then with high probability, it is going to get mixed or '
              'generally favorable reviews. To the contrary, if a film has an '
              'acceptable first half and a boring second half, it is doomed to '
              'receive unfavorable reviews. Unfortunately, "Never Say Die" '
              'belongs to the latter scenario. First of all, the male lead, '
              'Allen, is a miscast. The role Edison is a professional boxer, '
              'and the actor for the role should be a muscle guy. Yet Allen '
              'has essentially no muscle, and barely looks like a professional '
              'boxer. Secondly and more importantly, the story is not '
              'cohesive. The first half of the movie tells a body swap comedy, '
              'but in the second half, a clichéd revenge story is told instead '
              'and does not seem to be much related to body swap. To make '
              'things worse, the plot is totally predictable. When you watch '
              'the first 1/3 of the movie, you can tell what is going to '
              'happen next. This is disastrous for filmmaking. Moreover, most '
              'of the jokes in the movie are not funny at all. The only '
              'impressive scene is the cameo appearance of Yin Zheng and Wang '
              'Zhi, who starred in the 2015 film "Goodbye Mr Loser". All in '
              'all, the rating for this movie is 3/10 at the very best.',
 'tt7473036': 'This film caught me by utter surprise with its sophisticated '
              'critique of 21st-century trade relations, its razor-sharp '
              'commentary on capitalist globalization, its caustic and bleak '
              'humor, and its excellent pacing.\n'
              'The films takes us on a journey alongside an utterly clueless '
              'middle-aged protagonist from his moment of inspiration in a '
              "Texas dollar store )where he's dressed like a goofy millenial "
              '"bro," Affliction t-shirt and all), to his misadventures '
              'selling bootleg segways, to his ultimate destination in the '
              '"Inner Mongolian Blank Region" -- the under-construction '
              'megacity of Ordos, a sort of inverted version of the land our '
              '"cowboy" sought to escape.\n'
              'The film brilliantly explores the absurdities of the symbiotic '
              'relationship between a past-its-prime US and a rising "New '
              'China" without for a single moment retreating into lame '
              'explication, preachiness, or other sanctimonies. Every '
              'character is memorable, from "the Specialist" to the '
              'foul-mouthed scooter salesman, and the documentary style makes '
              'the film feel as real as anything without stretching credulity '
              '-- even when it makes a "Sorry To Bother You"-style turn into '
              'the realm of the absurd.\n'
              "This is one of the best U.S. indies I've seen in years, and "
              'deserves cult status!P.S. I felt obligated to leave a good '
              'review of this film considering the poor user ratings (5.5 at '
              'the time that this was written) and dearth of buzz it seems to '
              'have received from mainstream audiences.',
 'tt7473390': "This movie has no stylistics features. It's just mixed some "
              'Hollywood films with "Mongolian Secret Book". Begining of this '
              'movie is took from Mongolian Secret Book Wolf called Burte Deer '
              'called Maral married and nomads are their descendant. Then '
              'suddenly begins Lord of The Rings with Mummy-3. King of Devil '
              'came from underground and his soldiers are Chinese mummy. '
              'Suddenly affairs hero called Cina (sounds like China) and '
              'sealed King of devil into underground. \n'
              'His weapon called Saladdin (sounds like name Arabian king, real '
              'name of this weapon is Black Flag - Mongolian war flag) funny. '
              'Then Esukhai (father of Temujin) fights against Huchulug and '
              "killed him but he died himself at that battle. Huchulug's wife "
              'sold her soul to devil and revived Huchulug and died for that. '
              'Huchulug tried to save his wife and promised to remove Devil '
              'kings seal. And battle begins. When you watch that movie you '
              'can see some effects from Lord of The Rings, some effects from '
              '300 Spartans and Mummy-3 also. End of that movie has real '
              'Mongolian songs and musical instrument that only good part. And '
              'Temujin took Saladdin from stone like King Arthur attacked to '
              'Huchulugs army like 300 Spartans-2. \n'
              "Of course it's Chinese movie and Temujin's horse can run on the "
              'wall and some of characters looks like old Chinese movie.\n'
              'Oh I forget to mention that Mongolian herd of Horses can win '
              "mummy army so easy. If you wanna buy this movie it's waste of "
              "money. It's used great Kings name and used some famous movie "
              "character and effects and that's all.BR. Tom",
 'tt7476810': 'As a local Shanghainese, this film perhaps means a little more '
              'to me than others. Dead Pigs is more about the city than any '
              'characters, it is a biopsy on one of the fastest growing and '
              'changing cities in the World, and what it opens is a group of '
              'really interesting characters who represent each sectors of '
              'Shanghai society relatively well while also painting a picture '
              'of how the city affects these people both mentally and '
              'physically. Cathy Yan does a great job at constructing these '
              'societal issues into her film, but unfortunately while the '
              'formula is right, the ingredients feels forced. The biggest '
              'issue of all is the casting of Mason Lee who is very obviously '
              'an ABC and simply does not fit in the film. The film might work '
              'better for a Western oriented audience as it does feel '
              'disconnected from local culture (even though it does address '
              'societal issues very well, but feels very much through Western '
              'lenses), but at the same time Western audience would certainly '
              'have trouble understanding the nuisances which places the film '
              'in an awkward conundrum. Nevertheless, the film explores unique '
              'issues and documents a very unique period of city development '
              'of my hometown.',
 'tt7478112': 'There are few documentaries about China that immerse the viewer '
              "without judgement. Hao Wu's second film, detailing the online "
              'world of live streaming where amateur stars make millions, fans '
              'spend their hard earned money giving virtual gifts, and the '
              'mega rich pick the winners, is at times touching, sad, and '
              'provocative.Live streamers, like movie stars and performers '
              'anywhere in the world, struggle off stage with self doubt and '
              'the pressures of keeping their fans engaged (and paying). With '
              'footage of their day-to-day frustrations, Hao Wu drops the '
              'veneer of fame and reveals the raw, and often times emotional '
              'weight of the strivers, the viewers, and those who have "made '
              'it." Happiness eludes them all.As commentary, without the usual '
              'heavy dose of preaching, "The People\'s Republic of Desire" '
              'opens up a world most outside of China will never see. As any '
              'great documentary does (the film won the SXSW Grand Jury '
              'Prize), that view is honest and engaging throughout. For a '
              'generation that spends most of its waking life online their '
              'present-day obsession has quickly spread to the U.S., South '
              'Korea and beyond.Definitely worth seeing when it makes its '
              'week-long run in NYC and LA this November.',
 'tt7479718': 'The film "Love Education" is the most realistic, nuanced and '
              'thought-provoking film of the year 2017. The cinematography, '
              'production design and acting performances are so real and '
              'natural that you would feel the story truly happens. The '
              'editing is one of the best of all time, connecting the main '
              'plot and some subplots. The guest appearances of some big '
              'names, like Li Xuejian and Wang Zhiwen, are also quite '
              'interesting. In terms of themes, the movie is a ruthless satire '
              'to the Chinese society. On the one hand, it criticizes the '
              'bureaucracy of the Chinese government. On the other hand, it '
              'exposes the bad aspect of the rate-driven television programs. '
              'The nuanced performances of Sylvia Chang and Wu Yanshu are '
              'absolutely fantastic. The screenplay is also brilliant.',
 'tt7481246': 'Old Beast is a quite sinister drama that takes place in the '
              'desolate city of Ordos and its immediate surroundings in Inner '
              'Mongolia. The story revolves around an aging businessman who '
              'has run out of luck and must work as debt collector. He spends '
              'his time drinking, gambling and hanging around with former '
              'associates and friends. He fails to take care of his sick wife '
              'and flirts with a young prostitute instead who plans on leaving '
              'the autonomous region. When his wife collapses during one of '
              'his prolonged absences from home, his children and their '
              'families bring her to a hospital and try to collect some money '
              'to pay for an expensive operation that could improve her '
              'serious medical condition. The reckless elder however steals a '
              'part of the sum and uses it for his own purposes which leads to '
              'a psychological and physical clash with his family members. '
              'Rejected, isolated and ashamed, the old beast tries to come '
              'clean and organizes some changes in his life.There are several '
              'elements that make Old Beast at least partially interesting to '
              'watch. The desolate grey buildings in the steppe go along with '
              'the aging and disillusioned main character who faces the '
              'consequences of a slow economic decline after years of '
              'prosperity. The movie has a constantly depressing atmosphere '
              'and almost feels like a documentary criticizing greed and its '
              'consequences in the contemporary Chinese society. The lead '
              'character who is brilliantly played by Tu Men represents the '
              "flaws of prosperity perfectly but it's fascinating to see his "
              'moral values recover throughout the film.However, the movie is '
              'quite hard to sit through despite its honorable intentions. The '
              'plot could be summarized in a few sentences and feels plodding '
              'and stretched. Aside some appropriate social criticism, the '
              "movie doesn't have much to offer. Several scenes feel dull and "
              'pointless when we observe the main character lying in a small '
              'bed in a cheap hotel for a few moments, when we see him sitting '
              'on the ground in the streets for several minutes or when we '
              'watch him prepare some medicine for his wife for a prolonged '
              'period of time. The side characters seem intriguing at first '
              "contact but aren't fully developed as the movie almost "
              'exclusively focuses on the main character. This risky approach '
              'certainly is a missed occasion. The movie feels dull, '
              "predictable and repetitive after a while. The movie's main idea "
              'to criticize the consequences of greed certainly goes along '
              'with the agenda of the Communist Party of China which makes '
              'this movie feel like a clumsy propaganda film to a certain '
              'degree.In the end, you could appreciate Old Beast if you like '
              'moralizing dramas with depressing atmosphere and a dose of '
              'social criticism. Old Beast has an intriguing purpose and a few '
              'positive elements like the great acting performances, the '
              'precise cinematography and the desolate settings. However, the '
              'movie rarely entertains. It feels dull, predictable and '
              "stretched. If you aren't a fan of gloomy dramas, you should "
              'stay away from this difficult movie.',
 'tt7488208': 'As a Chinese person, I LOVED seeing so much wonderful cultural '
              'representation and the all-Asian cast. As a kid, there was very '
              "little of this type of thing available to me and I'm happy that "
              'my four year old enjoys this movie and sees positive '
              'representations of this part of her heritage.I thought the '
              'visuals were stunning, and the animation and character design '
              'were lovely.Otherwise, it was... fine. I feel like the movie '
              'started off strong. I got teary during the first part. Then the '
              'story just got kind of confusing and I felt very little '
              'emotional connection to the characters. The singing is good, '
              "but I didn't find the music as catchy or memorable as some "
              "other recent musicals. I'll watch this again with my kid and I "
              'prefer it to something like Frozen, Cars, or The Good Dinosaur, '
              "but I don't think it's as good as my favorite Pixar films like "
              'Wall-e or Monsters, Inc.',
 'tt7505500': 'This movie can be said to have 10 million investment, money '
              'laundering 5 million, find 10 actresses, sleep for three '
              'months, each actor 500,000, three months a month 170,000, a day '
              '5,000, not loss, good, these actors can also do not take a '
              'cover of service, pattern optional posture unlock. Still can '
              'bring outside boss to come optional consumption, still can have '
              'earn',
 'tt7509586': 'Explosion is a sinister mixture of a desperate action film, an '
              'emotional drama and a conspiracy thriller. The movie tells the '
              'story of a blast technician who has once been to prison for '
              'having developed and sold explosives. As he now tries to live a '
              'normal life using his talents in mines and supporting his '
              'pregnant wife who owns a tiny restaurant, he gets involved in a '
              'conflict between two pitiless businessmen. He nearly gets '
              'killed in an explosion that brutally kills four coworkers and '
              'wants to find out how this disaster could happen. As he '
              'investigates, he becomes both the prime suspect of having '
              'caused the explosion on purpose and is seen as a menace by the '
              'two businessmen who want to hide what really happened in the '
              'mine. The blast technician soon has to clear his name, face '
              'powerful enemies and must protect his wife.Explosion convinces '
              'on many levels. First of all, the movie has a truly sinister '
              "atmosphere. This is especially due to the settings. It's often "
              'raining or snowing, many scenes take place at night, the '
              'viewers get to explore abandoned or destroyed factory halls and '
              'mines and several places show dirt and pollution. The movie '
              "shows the dark side of China's industrial boom which gives the "
              'film a realistic touch which is far away from many idealized '
              'films of that country with strong propaganda elements. The film '
              'recalls Black Coal, Thin Ice but the locations are less static '
              'and more diversified which makes Explosion easily the superior '
              'movie.The mixture of genres is another strength of this film. '
              'Observing the main character trying to clear his name, '
              'reorganizing his life with his pregnant wife and facing his '
              'childhood friend and police officer who is torn between helping '
              'and arresting him give the movie a humanistic touch despite all '
              'the grey settings. These dramatic sequences meet a conspiracy '
              'thriller involving two businessmen fighting each other by any '
              'means necessary. The film shows corruption, greed and vengeance '
              'as powerful motives leading to a few twists and turns. The '
              "film's solid atmosphere is often interrupted by realistic "
              'pursuits, gun battles and of course numerous explosions.The '
              'film also has an interesting plot. The movie has a very short '
              'exposition and literally starts with a bang. From then on, the '
              "main character's personal investigation is a tense rising "
              'action. This leads to a first climax where several character '
              'get assassinated and the main character has to go into hiding. '
              'The resolution shows how the blast technician tries to find a '
              'way to clear his name and start a new life which turns out to '
              'be impossible. This leads to a final showdown and resolution in '
              'an abandoned factory hall where all three genres meet in '
              'equally balanced and strong proportions. The finale is filled '
              'with action, emotion and tension.The characters are also quite '
              'convincing. The unpretentious main character is a desperate and '
              'quiet man who simply desires to live in peace and dreams of a '
              "better future. His desperate wife's struggles are authentic "
              'enough to make the audience really care for her. The police '
              'officer being torn between arresting and helping the accused '
              "might be the movie's most vivid character which gives the film "
              'a solid dose of energy. Even the clever villain has his very '
              'personal motives to go on a killing spree and one almost '
              'empathizes with him. Even the side characters including '
              'resilient contract killers, hectic chiefs of security and a '
              "brutal businessman are quite interesting.There aren't many "
              'negative aspects concerning this movie. Parts of the plot were '
              'somewhat predictable and reduced the tension at times. The '
              'unusual ending felt somewhat underdeveloped in my book but was '
              'at least somewhat original.In the end, if you like movies with '
              'a gripping, realistic and sinister atmosphere, you will most '
              'definitely enjoy this profound action, crime and drama movie. '
              'Explosion has intellectual depth without being static. This '
              'movie represents what the critically acclaimed Black Coal, Thin '
              'Ice should have been like if the director had been less '
              'pretentious. Explosion certainly deserves more attention and '
              'praise than it currently gets. Give this great film a chance at '
              "your local cinema or purchase it once it's going to be released "
              'on BluRay and DVD.',
 'tt7529814': 'This unremarkable Asian ghost story has virtually nothing going '
              'for it (save for some rather attractive actresses, mostly in '
              "short skirts/dresses): the plot is trite, the 'stylish' "
              'cinematography is overdone, the special effects are weak, and '
              'the direction is slow and ponderous, with more time spent on '
              'over-sentimentality and melodrama than on scares.The instantly '
              'forgettable plot sees two couples being terrorised by the ghost '
              'of a dead friend, who was killed when an earthquake hit as they '
              'explored a cursed cave. Lots of spooky stuff ensues, but '
              "director Jingze Yang's uninspired handling of proceedings, "
              'which includes lots of unnecessary slow-motion, robs the film '
              'of any atmosphere or tension.The film draws to a dull '
              'conclusion, offering very little worthy of mention along the '
              'way. Even avid fans of Asian ghost movies should give this one '
              'a miss.',
 'tt7532202': 'If I had to pick one word to describe this movie I would choose '
              'this: beautiful. Beautiful pictures of the immense mountains, '
              'of colorful Tibetan houses, temples and clothes, beautiful and '
              'touching music, beautiful faces of the main actresses. And the '
              'plot: so many themes – guilt, redemption, betrayal, ethnic '
              'identity – all shown with great subtlety.I know very little '
              'about Buddhism, so I felt rather surprised how the concepts of '
              'guilt and penance in this religion are similar to the same '
              'concepts in Christianity, especially in Catholicism and the '
              'Orthodox Church. But maybe this is only a proof that these '
              'concepts have roots much deeper and more ancient than any '
              'religion.If a piece of great art could be appreciated in '
              "today's world, this movie should became famous.",
 'tt7571798': 'GOLDEN DART HERO is an obscure little martial arts flick from '
              'mainland China that was made back in 1987. The only available '
              'copies in the west are badly dubbed and have a terrible picture '
              'quality. However, this turns out to be a mildly enjoyable '
              'little picture. The budget is slightly higher than I was '
              'expecting and some of the massed pitched battle sequences are a '
              'precursor to the later lavishness of films like SAVING GENERAL '
              'YANG. The electric opening scene has a man executed by a '
              'corrupt magistrate while his adopted brother rides against time '
              'to rescue him. The film soon turns into a small-scale war movie '
              'as our hero and his followers wage battle after battle against '
              'the bad guy and his army. The sound effects tend to leave '
              'something to be desired - the clash of sounds is represented by '
              'what sounds like somebody jangling a bunch of keys - but '
              'otherwise this is okay for what it is.',
 'tt7587984': 'This is an asian high-fantasy movie rather than a martial arts '
              'flick. So adrenaline junkies looking to get their fix on this '
              'are going to be disappointed.This does have a relatively good '
              'premise and story. The characters are well-thought out and '
              'enjoyable. Unfortunately the English text translation is so '
              'extremely bad it is sometimes difficult to follow the story. '
              'Typical confusion between he / she / it, extreme mistranslation '
              '(in one spot the English is actually written out on-screen and '
              'the translation renders it otherwise).But the romantic sub-plot '
              'is quite good, and it has a very Asian ending (avoiding '
              'spoilers). It does get to a point at near the end where the '
              'on-screen CGI is so over the top it feels more like a '
              'Transformers movie than fitting in with the rest of the film. '
              'That along with the very bad translating gives this a mere '
              '5-star "mediocre" rating from me.Those who rated this 1 star... '
              "seriously, you're putting this equal to the worst movies ever "
              "made? If you can't write better reviews than that don't bother. "
              "I'm not sure it warrants the 8 stars some give it, but given a "
              "chance and tolerating the butchered translations, it's a mildly "
              'interesting 2 hours.I really liked the mind-altering pixie '
              'character. Cute as a button and used well throughout the film, '
              'both as plot device and emotional prodding.',
 'tt7605074': "I'm just going to be blunt here: The main characters suck. The "
              'main protagonists, a brother and a sister, are depthless and '
              'one dimensional. The sister literally spends 90% of her lines '
              'crying or shouting for someone to save her. The brother is '
              'arrogant and apparently a "genius", yet seems to have no '
              'redeeming qualities. Overall, the story and CGI are decent, but '
              'the characters leave much to be desired.',
 'tt7611326': 'Sky Wang\'s "Lost in Apocalypse" deals with a propitious '
              'message of sacrifice and survival which through most of the '
              'plot plays the titular role through its characters. It reflects '
              'a clear image of everything that is and everything that is yet '
              'to be seen and yet it is all revolving around the same circle '
              'of life. With fleeting memories of films with strong messages, '
              'Sky gives us this light-hearted drama staying strong on the '
              'paths he wants to convey. He controls the pivotal leverage of '
              'the story binding it emotionally as it progresses which makes '
              'it even more interesting.\n'
              "The story's main focus is on nepotism and its exploitation "
              'through and through, brought forward by ominous twists and '
              'turns of events. The protagonists are all interconnected '
              'through their emotions and situations and either empathize or '
              'reject each other emotionally. They also belong to different '
              'age groups and have different roles to play in the society. '
              'Malice and power bring forward the harsh truth of this story '
              'where a virus-stricken city puts its inhabitants in the dire '
              'exigency of survival.From time to time, the plot exploits the '
              'basic notions of all its characters taking good note of their '
              "behavior and their decisions. From a story's point of view "
              "though, I wish it hadn't become so predictable, which we can "
              'see through the exploitation of female characters either '
              'through sexual misuse, masochistic approaches by men in power, '
              'exploitation of the needy and helpless and so on. The main '
              'characters consist of - a man in an important position, a '
              'school headmistress, a mafia, two television reporters, a '
              'driver and a survivor of viral zombie-driven genocide. Each of '
              'the characters is a perfectionist when it comes to the roles '
              'they play, be it the man who dropped out of college to support '
              "his mother's treatment or the girl who is led to the paths of "
              'youth exploitation to satiate the loneliness of an old man. We '
              'also see hidden innocence in each character which is subdued '
              'due to the hurdles that each one of them has tackled. '
              'Nonetheless, in extreme situations, each character creates '
              'their identity impact on the situations and play through their '
              'individuality.When we begin watching this film, we would expect '
              'a blood-bathed gore film with disturbing images that would want '
              "you to get up and leave. But I am impressed by the director's "
              'outtake to turn this into a story which raised the stakes high '
              'for the filmmakers of today, especially the ones doing horror '
              'or science-fiction.When one looks at the technical aspects of '
              'the film, we would see that Sky has technically mastered the '
              'making of a film. The lights, the right amount of sound and the '
              'choice of the sounds that he picks up are very distinct and '
              'very important when one makes a film of this genre. It is '
              'indeed very evident that he knows his trade. Not only is it a '
              'visual spectacle arranged with precision and care but it will '
              'also give you something to ponder upon once you finish watching '
              'it. There is a fine line between craft and art and when you '
              'come across this film, you will find both in a perfect blend. '
              'What is least expected but was amazed to see was this very '
              "feature.All in all, through this film, I've found a way to "
              'connect myself back to the basic human needs and stances where '
              'we are all weak and we need to make a call and decide where we '
              'want to see ourselves and how much are we willing to sacrifice '
              'to be that person who provides for everyone or not. "Lost in '
              'Apocalypse" will trigger your mind to think in a twisted manner '
              'but then again it will align you in the path of truth, to '
              'acknowledge the anomalies of the human mind and to learn to '
              'accept it as it comes. If I had to sum this film up in one '
              'line, it would be "The Awakening of Human conscience albeit '
              'through acceptance."\n'
              'Directed by Sky Wang \n'
              'Review by Nabadipa Talukder',
 'tt7616798': 'Rating 9.8/10\n'
              'Best animal movie of the year. Best acting performance to all '
              'the characters in this movie !! Character BELLA a.k.a Shelby '
              'was absolutely amazing !! For director Charles Martin Smith, '
              'you has created a good film this year !! For all of you, go see '
              'it you wont regret it !! I love this movie so much !!',
 'tt7618430': 'The visuals are good and the story is interesting.',
 'tt7619402': 'The story had many unreasonable plots and the story was too '
              'shallow. The director failed to tell a big story within such '
              "short time. And I don't like the students acted like gangster "
              'cuz this is not a gangster movie. By the way, the effect was '
              "naive. If you are the fan of Hayashi Kento, it's good to watch. "
              "Otherwise, don't waste your time.",
 'tt7627782': 'A hundred years after the mysterious events at the house, a '
              'cultural relic restorer arrives at the scene to investigate the '
              'strange claims and becomes ensconced in the same supernatural '
              'phenomenon that plagued the first residents and tries to '
              'uncover the events of the past to save himself.For the most '
              'part, this is quite the fun sequel. Much like the original, the '
              "film works it's best when delving deep into the supernatural "
              'which is quite prominent throughout here. The advent of curses '
              'allows for the vomiting of worms and maggots other such '
              'creatures just by being near the building is quite nice, while '
              'the flashcut images of skeleton faces or falling limbs grazing '
              'characters here provide a solid backdrop to the rest of the '
              'material at play. Once inside the sprawling Gothic-styled '
              'manner, the opulence and overall design of the house allows for '
              'the supernatural setups to feel quite at home. Set amid the '
              'endless corridors, elaborate designs of the rooms and the '
              'various decorations within, scenes featuring the sudden '
              'appearance of blood spilling from book pages, light-bulbs '
              'crashing and exploding or insect swarms to suddenly appear and '
              'chase them around the house make sense. The manner in which '
              'this drives a more psychologically-charged storyline that '
              "drives her to madness the more she's around the house adds a "
              'rather strong secondary aspect to the creepiness of the film. '
              'By tackling the issue of her guilt over the loss of her '
              'daughter and then adding on the scenes of the ghost daughter '
              'running through the house, this triggers many of the '
              'supernatural tie-ins later in the film from the few dreams she '
              'has trying to reach the ghost before the house crumbles around '
              "her, having the children's toys trigger various other "
              'confrontations between the two of them or even cause her to '
              'believe in the affair storyline really brings about a pretty '
              'creepy storyline. Most of this is also apparent in the finale '
              'where it overloads the supernatural elements into a much more '
              'prominent aspect and really offers some of the best effects '
              'work with the various ghostly beings shown. These here are what '
              'hold it up over its main flaws which are pretty prominent. The '
              "main issue to contend with is the storyline that's far busier "
              'than it needs to be. The film works best dealing with the '
              'connection between them being in the house and how the events '
              "of the past are influencing their actions which could've made "
              'for an intriguing storyline going back-and-forth in time. '
              'However, adding in the storyline about the perceived adultery '
              "and the potential employee trying to steal her away don't "
              'really need to be included in the film. Rather, they cause the '
              'film to drag the pace down to such a degree that it feels '
              'stagnant and dull for long stretches detailing all these '
              'potential segments. As well, they also cause the storyline '
              'involving the devious sorcerer to feel underdeveloped and '
              'misses out on the potential for some creepy imagery showing how '
              'he goes about his craft that is missing in the finished product '
              "that could've added more creepiness to the film. It ends up "
              'lowering this one enough to keep it down.Rated Unrated/R: '
              'Violence and Language.',
 'tt7628080': 'The Pluto Moment is such a gem on many levels: it tells a '
              'compelling story about the difficulties of producing a movie '
              'whilst taking the viewers into the breathtaking Chinese '
              'countryside. This movie is not only smartly contrasting '
              'traditional China with modern characters and ground breaking '
              'dialog. It surprises you and invites you into a sensitive '
              'journey.',
 'tt7645502': 'I thought it was a really well put together movie. For not a '
              'word of English, I was gripped from beginning to end. Have no '
              'idea about the negative reviews. Good story and well done.',
 'tt7649320': 'Not often do you find a film this focused on the lead '
              "character's development and psyche that the plot itself no "
              'longer seems important. Duan Yihong acting and the overall tone '
              'of the film are the true highlights, and the film is full of '
              'brilliant motifs. As the film progresses, you simply feel that '
              'the mystery itself becomes less and less important, rather the '
              "movie is driven by the questioning of the lead's motives. But "
              'is it possible that everything is just a hallucination in his '
              'mind? And the question posed at the very end, did he ever win '
              'the award?',
 'tt7658610': 'Not worth a dime. From plot to action scenes, they are too bad.',
 'tt7690558': 'Tell a bad joke, Chinese horror movies have ghosts!The movie is '
              'indescribably bad, with deadpan actors, old, dead ends, a '
              'jumbled timeline, a quirky storyline, and a weird narrative, '
              'all while digging holes without burying them.Special effects, '
              'special effects and pictures are not to mention, the film '
              'investment is really not high, although the animation of the '
              'bats, mice, snakes fake death, it is a bit of a play, but '
              'fortunately did not spend 90% of the money on the stars, at '
              'least to prove that the director is no problem.Actors, this is '
              'also very weak ridicule, expressionless acting and no feelings '
              'of the lines have been full of the screen, your husband is '
              "almost dead water you can not so a face calm! You didn't really "
              'cheat! I only saw you smile a few times, and then there is no '
              'expression left, you are not dead high cold! (small voice force '
              'Japanese look general, also can see the little girl.)Storyline, '
              "speaking of the director's storytelling ability, please give "
              'the wild horse of your mind a little pull or it will run off '
              'the screen! Really think of what say what, to plot and the time '
              'is almost out of control and serious doubts whether the writers '
              'tore up the script, he pick up a clap a on the ground, a lot of '
              "lens and the story line don't know what's the point, excessive "
              'and derivative plot, plot, especially the last feeling is '
              'forcibly circle that grandpa how puzzling out the white dress? '
              'Male main drive hit of! What the hell is he teaching the hero? '
              'Looking at the blackboard like biology or medicine, I thought '
              'men were mainly going to study blood cancer... What is more '
              'absurd is the story of Roger and lucie what the devil, it is '
              'not good to change the story to fit the reality, have to pull '
              'what American virus, the story of genetically modified read '
              "more!Plot, a lot of plot and people are meaningless or don't "
              'understand, everywhere booty call female staff may not know the '
              'meaning of their own existence is to gather time, the magic '
              'estimate is also to tell us that there will always be people '
              'everywhere but still no sense of existence. Master Chen that '
              'village exactly how I still do not understand, the pull them to '
              'the river in white ghost and a grave in the end is what '
              'relationship with them, master Chen daughter in the end what '
              'identity, there are too many movie director did not go to fill '
              'in, may have forgotten how many holes dug.',
 'tt7708320': 'I watched this at the Göteborg Film festival in late January '
              '2018 and its always a bit of a chance to pick up and watch a '
              'movie that almost noone have watched. This is defines as neo '
              'noir in its style and if you enjoy a visual experience watching '
              'movies you will get something out of this movie. The copy they '
              'showed at the festival the subtitles switched very quickly and '
              'for someone that may not be into that language that can be a '
              'bit diffucult to pick up everything. I look forward to pick '
              'this movie up on Dvd when I get a chance to. There is plenty of '
              'visual cool scenes with delightful lightning that makes it '
              'worth checking this out.In its visual expression it match up to '
              'bladerunner while this movie aint sci fi. Think film noir but '
              'with a more modern take to it.',
 'tt7735492': 'The film plunges you smack bang in the middle of the action '
              'from the opening scene. It then jumps around between so many '
              'characters that you hardly get to know any of them and its '
              "rather difficult to follow exactly what's happening. They then "
              "throw names of people, places and Divisions around as if we're "
              'supposed to be familiar with them, while we actually have no '
              "idea who they're talking about. I found the dialogue "
              'over-dramatic and somewhat forced, as well as repetitive. The '
              'film had way too much music, which also became repetitive. '
              'There hardly ever was a moment without music.The editing made '
              'the film feel non-linear and some scenes gave me a sense of '
              'deja vu. In fact, it felt like they shot only a few battle '
              'scenes and used it in fragments during the course of the movie. '
              'Some characters remained in the exact same location from '
              'beginning to end! None of the characters really stood out for '
              "me. All the characters seemed dispensable. I couldn't help but "
              'get the feeling the film was written by someone who knew '
              "nothing about warfare (pardon me if I'm wrong). If you are a "
              'fan of war movies - like me - this one will disappoint. '
              'Although some of the battle scenes were well done, it carried '
              "little emotion and for most I couldn't care about any of the "
              "characters.I'll admit, its not bad for a first-time director, "
              'but compared to the myriad of war films out there, this one '
              "just doesn't make the grade.",
 'tt7743588': 'Enjoyable to watch.Chinese movie industry is a mystery, only '
              'few movies are really ticket worthy would make me laugh and '
              'feel entertaining, and this is the one of the minorities! I '
              'swapped the trailer video on Facebook earlier, it looked '
              'promising, so I decided to give it a try. I thought it was a '
              'ghostbuster movie, during the movie, I was literally thought '
              'the zombies were real, and then the witch pretender and the '
              'Building neighbor would start their ghost catching advanture. '
              'The aroma was cool and built up, then the reverse plots were '
              "really unexpected, it turned out it's a pure comedy movie after "
              'all. Yet, the worst part is the ending, so cliche and cheesy '
              'sensational, too stiff to add those typical hongkong tvb '
              'elements.Anyway, this movie is refreshable. In my personal '
              'favorite, I have a very low expectation for the Chinese movies, '
              'I barely watched less than 5 in a year, and at least 3/5 of '
              "them would let me down, and questioning what's wrong with the "
              'script writers. This movie was fun, we can consider it as a '
              "popcorn movie like many nonsense but hilarious American joke's "
              'movie. Besides, this is the first directing piece of Ng Kwan '
              "Yue's work, it's fairly to say she is good enough to pass the "
              'standard.',
 'tt7752454': 'The editing, cinematography, and soundtrack are top-notch, and '
              "Wang Baoqiang's high pitch line delivery simply shows why he is "
              'the best actor of his generation and one of the biggest comedy '
              'stars in China. The screenplay is however a mess and the plot '
              'lacks any sense of credibility. Chen Sicheng just put '
              'everything together, and in the end you do not know what was '
              'exactly happening. All in all, this is a sequel that cannot '
              'match the original movie in 2015.',
 'tt7759626': "Don't watch! Totally waste of my time!\nit totaly SUCKS!!",
 'tt7773340': 'The Rookies is an action film from China that can best be '
              'described as a live action cartoon that most definitely should '
              'not be taken seriously!Leading man, the gorgeous Talu, is an '
              'extreme sports nut who hilariously gets involved with a secret '
              'organisation who soon invite him to be a part of their '
              'team.Reluctantly agreeing (until the money piles up) Talu sets '
              'off thinking he is the new James Bond and meets his team mates '
              'in Europe. Their main mission of course is to stop the bad guy '
              'who has a chemical weapon that turns everyone into plants...And '
              "that isn't even the daftest part!I can understand why most "
              "viewers would see The Rookies as a bad movie, but it's hard not "
              'to laugh the whole way through it - and a lot of those times, '
              "genuinely. It's also hard not to be entertained as director "
              'Alan Yuen rams as much visuals, insane stunts, fight action and '
              'madness into every scene!In fact, if this had been made during '
              "Hong Kong's golden age of cinema, it would be regarded as one "
              'to watch...Hollywood A-lister Milla plays the stone faced '
              "leader of the secret organisation, and while she doesn't bring "
              'anything overly exciting to the show, does her best Bridget '
              'Neilson impression with a few action scenes on her behalf.I '
              'rate all my films by their entertainment value and The Rookies '
              'certainly entertains. Just switch off your brain before it '
              'starts and enjoy the ride...',
 'tt7773446': 'If more than $500. US dollars were spent on this piece of trash '
              "I'll personally make up the difference. Back yard school "
              'projects have better plots AND acting!\n'
              'BTW Not a word of English is spoken or available as subs.\n'
              'PASS!',
 'tt7786142': 'KUNG FU HERO WANG WU is a rare Chinese martial arts drama about '
              'a Chinese patriot joining an uprising against the corrupt Qing '
              'dynasty in its dying days. The film feels very much like one of '
              'the Wong Fei Hung movies that Hong Kong have been making '
              'throughout the decades. The villains of the hour have greater '
              "characterisation than usual and there's a great deal of court "
              'intrigue and the like to keep the plot moving swiftly along. '
              "The fight choreography isn't on par with that found in Hong "
              "Kong cinema but it's certainly adequate and the quantity of "
              'action helps this work.',
 'tt7787418': 'This movie has found a way to breakthrough a lot of stereotypes '
              'and present a \n'
              'fantastic comedy where the so called regular reality and the '
              'fantasy world run parallel but only a few are allowed to see '
              "it. Ultimately, it's a story about love; modern love which goes "
              'beyond any barriers you could possibly imagine. The acting is '
              'brilliant and totally convincing. If you like fantasy garnished '
              'with a pinch of sense of humor in a sci-fi/ fantasy '
              "environment, you shouldn't miss this movie:\n"
              'entertainment granted!',
 'tt7815620': 'I watched this series with low expectations, I just thought it '
              'would be another cliché BL story. It surprisingly turned out to '
              'be more than this. Lee-Fong Huang and John Wu deliver an '
              'amazing acting, as a couple who discover that in spite of the '
              'very deep feelings they have for each other, many other '
              'important components are missing from their relationship. '
              'External forces gradually drive them to separation, at first as '
              'excuses to overcome, and later as means of realizing the deeper '
              'lying problems. What the story is about is their struggle to '
              'cope with reality and to patch things up with each other but '
              'primarily with themselves. No easy task...The plot is '
              'mesmerizing and most viewers will identify themselves with one '
              'of the two guys. Mind though, that at a second glance many '
              'questions remain unanswered (whether deliberately or '
              "accidentally, I cannot tell). The heroes' actions are not "
              'always intuitive (not to say erratic), especially from a '
              "western society's point of view. There is also a constant "
              'underlying depressive ambience throughout all six episodes, '
              'which, although aesthetically superb, becomes tiring. In any '
              'case one must bear in mind that this is a different culture '
              'with different values and priorities.Watch it at your own risk, '
              'certainly not if you are feeling down. It will give you food '
              'for thought, but it will either draw you to a swirl of emotions '
              'leaving little place for your mind to work, or you will simply '
              'get bored from the onset.',
 'tt7853798': 'If you are an adventurous guy and love landscape and nature, '
              'you will love this movie. I never get bored whole through movie '
              "although I don't speak Chinese.\n"
              'The cinematography of this movie is awesome, showing the best '
              'of nature in China and close to Tibet district. The love story '
              'is pure and strong and acting is fine.',
 'tt7867360': "Let's face it, we don't expect much from these type of B-grade "
              'action flicks, but oddly enough I enjoyed the '
              'martial-arts-meets-sci-fi cross-genre. Sure the plot had issues '
              '(e.g. why the stutter? comedy? fail), and the screenplay was '
              'amateurish writing to go with the sub-par directing, but the '
              'fight choreography and story premise was enjoyable and thus a '
              '6/10 from me.',
 'tt7870578': 'Granted, I haven\'t seen "Smash Girls" (aka "Gui mi"), but I '
              'still sat down to watch "Girls vs Gangsters" (aka "Gui mi 2") '
              'on the fact that it is a Chinese movie, and I do love Asian '
              'cinema quite a lot.The movie felt sort of redundant, as it was '
              'essentially something that you could and would have seen in '
              'other movies, such as the likes of "The Hangover" and those '
              'types of movies. "Girls vs Gangsters" essentially offered '
              'nothing new to this particular type of comedy genre, and it '
              'felt like director and writer Barbara Wong Chun-Chun was just '
              'running on auto-pilot, playing it safe by following the '
              'blueprint from other movies. As such, "Girls vs Gangsters" '
              'failed to be unique.Sure, "Girls vs Gangsters" is watchable, '
              "but you shouldn't expect anything grand or overly impressive "
              'from the movie. If you do, you will be sorely disappointed.The '
              'movie benefits from having a good cast ensemble with the likes '
              'of Fiona Sit, Ivy Yi-Han Chen, Janine Chun-Ning Chang, Shuilin '
              'Wang, Tiantian Fan and Elly Nguyen , whom all actually '
              'performed quite well and definitely had lots of on-screen '
              'presence and charisma, and also a good chemistry on the screen. '
              'Then the movie had Mike Tyson on the cast list. Why? Seriously, '
              'why? That guy is by no means a good actor, and it is '
              'cringeworthy to watch him stumble through the dialogue and '
              "trying to put on a matching face and mimic. Luckily, he wasn't "
              'in the movie for all that long."Girls vs Gangsters" didn\'t '
              'really manage to make me laugh, but the movie was adequate '
              'enough to watch. Although I turned it off 20 minutes before it '
              "ended, as I didn't really need to watch more of it. Yeah, the "
              'movie was that generic and predictable. But I am sure, with the '
              'female cast list, then there will be an audience out there for '
              'it whom will enjoy the movie.',
 'tt7886614': 'Hoyts is showing this in the cinemas at the moment. We took the '
              'kids because it "looked like secret life of pets" and they like '
              'cats. We soon discovered it looks like secret life of pets '
              'because it is just a cheap, bad ripoff of secret life of '
              'pets.It sounds like the English dub was done by some students '
              'who used Google Translate. The story is incoherent and the '
              'dubbing completely wooden.They used the same poorly recorded '
              'and voiced "huh?" sound five or six times in a row when the '
              'little orange cat discovers the... glass blowing factory of '
              'doom?In any case our 3 and 7 year olds refused to stay after '
              'the first 40 minutes or so. And these kids will watch hours and '
              'hours of poorly made, incoherent, low production value cartoons '
              "in a netflix binge session if you let them. That's how bad this "
              "was.Don't see this movie. If it ever appears on your streaming "
              'subscription, email them a complaint for it existing. Easily '
              "the worst animated movie I've ever paid money to watch.",
 'tt7937440': 'Male lead acts well as usual. A film worths to watch.',
 'tt7946836': 'Animal World got some great publicity because of the train '
              'scene that went viral across social media, a martial arts clown '
              'battling monsters through train carriages! Memorable stuff. For '
              "this reason that's what I assumed Animal World would basically "
              'be, I was mistaken and in a good way.It tells the story of a '
              'young man who finds himself in tremendous debt and forced to '
              'play an elaborate game of rock paper scissors hosted by Michael '
              'Douglas to save himself.Okay fine the premise sounds a bit '
              "ropey but in fact it's the concept that makes this such a "
              'remarkable film. It looks like a AAA Hollywood film not the '
              "Chinese movie it is, it's well cast, very cleverly written and "
              'I was gripped more than I have been by a film in quite '
              'sometime.So the clown? the cgi monsters? the incredible over '
              "the top fight scenes? Well they're the weakest part of the "
              "film! Not because they're bad, in fact quite the opposite "
              "they're incredible stuff. No the problem with them is that "
              "they're entirely unnecessary, they detract from the movie "
              'rather than contribute to it. Instead of seeing more (Because '
              "there isn't much) I'd rather they had not included that at all, "
              'maybe make a separate movie altogether for that stuff.Such a '
              'clever well constructed film with entirely forgivable flaws.The '
              'Good:Some incredible visualsSolid soundtrackMichael '
              'DouglasFantastic conceptThe Bad:Side concept is '
              'unnecessaryUnfinished story with no assurance of a sequel',
 'tt7957314': 'Keep feeding the audiences with this? the director and the '
              'screenwriter\n'
              'can start to looking for new works, because the film making is '
              'clearly a dead end.\n'
              'Best wishes',
 'tt7962598': 'Some mistakes were made in making this moving, but it is the '
              'story, the talented actors that holds you until the end. The '
              'landscape is stunning; beautiful cinematography. The tale is so '
              'emotional, so incredibly sad that I kept crying, and I never do '
              'that. I gave it 10 stars because of the amount of emotion these '
              'two actors were able to pour into the film and bring out in the '
              'audience (me). Well done and well worth watching.',
 'tt8005336': 'So humanity is losing a battle with the aliens. In order to win '
              'they need to learn the Northern Leg Style. They learned of the '
              'style from some ancient texts of some dude being able to kick '
              'bullets. Kung fu robot travels back into time to learn from the '
              'Master of the Northern Leg Style. When he arrives he gets hit '
              "by lightening, his hard drive gets fried and isn't able to "
              'retain any memory. Long story short, this commander finds this '
              'retarded kung fu robot and sends him across town defeating all '
              'the kung fu schools. Every win he got, came with a book of the '
              'hidden secrets of that school. Eventually he gets his memory '
              'back and is able to combine all the books and create a new '
              'style. You guess it! The northern leg style!!!! Robot uploads '
              'all the kung fu into a usb chip and buries it into the great '
              'wall so that future robot can find it, upload it, and kick '
              "alien ass. So here's the problem. If they never sent the robot "
              'into the past, the Northern Style would never have been created '
              'and the ancient texts would never been published for people to '
              'read. Its like a never ending acid trip.',
 'tt8020896': 'I cannot comprehend how this movie can be so beautifully shot, '
              'staged and acted, while on the other hand depicting the ugliest '
              'but so true to life experiences a human could ever possibly '
              'encounter.\n'
              'Not a single spark of hope ever comes up during the entire '
              'film, every character experiences his own version of hell while '
              'trying to find meaning in their appently meaningless lifes. '
              'Nobody smiles, everyone wears a thick winter coat.. even inside '
              'as if they need an extra shell to protect them from other '
              'humans. And yet, after four hours you are left with the urge to '
              'tell the world that there is still something worth living for. '
              'This movie is a plea for more kindness and humanity, although '
              'it is almost never showing either of them itself.\n'
              'A movie has never affected me so deeply like this one. I will '
              'never forget this experience and I am sorry for the directors '
              'relatives.. they, the Chinese Cinema and we all have lost a '
              'true filmmaking genius.',
 'tt8023928': 'This documentary was poorly made with bunch of amateurs, poor '
              'logistic support, unfit team members. They chose to go there in '
              'the harsh winter, so they could cross the frozen rivers or '
              'lakes. Some of the crew were in make-believe self-redeemed '
              'health conditions, so one after the another had to drop out by '
              'the help of other members to return to where they came from. '
              'The editing was very poor. The 4x4 SUVs they used were the '
              'basic light weight entry level trucks, so there were so many '
              'times they were trapped in ice, mud, wetland, '
              "riverbanks.....they've wasted so many hours to salvage their "
              'vehicles. The leader of this expedition was not a capable '
              'person, his commands sometimes were disregarded or overlooked '
              'due to poor communication and loose disciplines. The Tibetan '
              'guide(s?) they hired was often overruled by the leader. There '
              'were so many lousy arrangements scene after scene appeared in '
              'front of your eyes. They looked more like a bunch of yoyos '
              "instead of professionals....I couldn't help myself shaking my "
              "head time after time during the viewing. That's how bad it "
              "was.This is the worst and messiest documentary film that I've "
              'ever watched. There are many other video expeditions telling '
              "the same stories on youtube, so you really don't have to watch "
              'this poorly, almost laughable flick.',
 'tt8028526': "It's embarrassing how bad this is.\n"
              "Does not translate very well. I don't think this is for English "
              'speaking audiences.',
 'tt8028842': 'I dont get how people call this a rip off from a well kown '
              'american studio animated movie (just because protagonists are '
              'animals and a rabbit that looks similar to that movie?) , You '
              'are over reacting. Animation is nice , movie its funny and has '
              'a nice story to it. Really enjoyed it and highly recommend it. '
              'Not only usa can do nice animated movies France , china , spain '
              ', germany has nice nice animated movies with a much much lower '
              'buget than usa productions. Tale your head out of the "sand" '
              'and dont act like a brainwashed nation.',
 'tt8033592': 'I suppose many people living in big cities could relate to the '
              'movie. The initial bitterlove was sweet. Despite the financial '
              'difficulties, the fact that the two genuinely love and care for '
              'each other and that they share the aim of pursuing better '
              "future is comforting. But it doesn't last long when the reality "
              'hits, especially when the boy is still a boy. He is lost. He '
              "forgets what the girl really wants. She doesn't really want a "
              'house. She just wants a home. This movie also tells about '
              "parents' perspective as regards their son's relationship. The "
              'father part is extremely touching and emotional. That makes '
              'this movie stand out from other typical romance movie. A must '
              'watch.',
 'tt8071308': 'Astonishing visual and audio effects achieved by seductive '
              'editing, impressive score, awesome camerawork, outstanding '
              'performance and a story where everyone in it was tangled and '
              'thrown into the waves and flames of the rapid changing '
              'environment. The narrative is not linear nor circular, very '
              'special but clear if you can understand some cultural '
              'subtleties. For example, the accent used by people from the '
              'three different cities, the switch from Mandarin to Cantonese '
              'when addressing to the residents in the to-be-demolished '
              'building complex. An honest record of the past 30 years without '
              'any makeup or vilifying.',
 'tt8089548': 'The film had a cool concept but at this point unoriginal, '
              'moreover it was clumsily executed. the storyline was convoluted '
              'for no reason, random characters were added at some point with '
              'no explanation. And the idea of a wormhole in a river was silly '
              'but the film used it well to its advantage. The VFX was '
              'cheap-looking, acting was ok at best, the score was fitting at '
              'times, but its the cinematography that shines above all, the '
              'green field was a beautiful scenery, it was well-shot, you '
              'could use some as a PC wallpaper or something, and almost the '
              'entirety of the film was on the location which was a great move '
              "considering the film's budget. I like the tight runtime as "
              'well.',
 'tt8090914': 'This was about rebels in 1796 led by the swordswoman in white. '
              'Already sounds bad, but the movie itself is okay action wise. '
              'It has childish dubbing as if someone made a joke out of it. At '
              "one point military troops are banging on an old guy's door and "
              'he says, "Go away. Jeopardy\'s on." Didn\'t know the television '
              'show was that popular in the 1700s. Lines like that throughout. '
              "Yet, In Sword We Trust is actually worse dubbing wise. I'm "
              'almost certain the same company did both jobs. A lot of the '
              'voices were similar.',
 'tt8111226': 'The best martial arts movie of the last 20 years, the '
              'protagonist is very beautiful, has a lot of action and fights.',
 'tt8150238': "I admit, I didn't get it! Although one of the producers of the "
              'film was there at the beginning before the screening at the '
              "Viennale, Austria's International Film Festival. And she warned "
              'us not to be confused at the beginning, you will find all the '
              'puzzles will come together at the end. Well, not for me. And I '
              'assume, for many other people in the audience it remained an '
              'enigma too.\n'
              'But I have to say it is interesting to watch, the story, though '
              'very thin, is somehow compelling, because you are looking for '
              'information, how this all might be connected. And since the '
              'story is told through the eyes of a 12 year old girl, you also '
              "think, how much might be sheer fantasy? I won't give you any "
              'details of what is going on because If you have a chance to '
              'view it, do so without knowing more about it. The camera work '
              'and the actors are great and worth watching. Maybe you succeed '
              'were I failed.',
 'tt8161726': "I watch this movie because of singer. Well... it can't compared "
              'with japanese anime but overall good.',
 'tt8176578': "It is, overall, an experience in itself more than a movie. It's "
              'something you take in, interpret, analyze through your '
              "experiences and filter with your own feelings. It's entirely up "
              'to you if this movie is something you digest afterwards for a '
              'few hours wondering about your life as a whole or just '
              'something you ate popcorn to. In both cases it is extremely '
              'good. The lessons that are in it are numerous and varied enough '
              "to please everyone and it's auite easy to identify with "
              'something from the movie, be it a character, a scenery, a '
              'feeling, a phrase, and the list can go on. On purpose it is '
              'called flavour(S) in the plural form because to everyone there '
              'is something different to be taken out of it. This anime is '
              'about love, family, passion, dreams, and everything else that '
              "makes us human. It's a nice perspective on life, set in short "
              'stories that are pleasant on their own and connect, covering up '
              'all the issues someone might face, with characters that are '
              "really nice and a good development. It's similar to Life Itself "
              "in these aspects. For those who want to just chill out it's "
              'great too, the animation is beautiful (not stunning) but well '
              'done, the music and scenery is extremely absorbing, good play '
              'and twists, quite easy to follow up, and a really well made '
              'movie overall that should fill up and afernoon and make you '
              'feel good afterwards. So give it a shot no matter what!',
 'tt8180932': 'Maybe I will change my rating when the rest of the five people '
              'that rated this movie come down to earth. There is something '
              'redeeming about this movie. But I may have to watch at five or '
              "six more time to figure out what the heck it was. It's a rough "
              'watch.',
 'tt8185182': 'Everyone reading this review, please forgive me for my perhaps '
              "strange sounding english, I'm from and currently lives in "
              'China.I saw this film today at a Local Cinema, in Dongguan, I '
              'must say I feel very fortunate having seen this, and also Jia '
              'Zhang Ke\'s "Ash is the Purest White" in Cinema, normally in '
              'China, we only screen Popcorn Films, but never Art films. I '
              "heard about Longest Day's Journey into the night a long time "
              'ago, when I found out this Chinese movie was competing for '
              "2018's Cannes Un Certain Regard! By the way, the chinese name "
              'of the film, "di qiu zui hou de ye wan", actually means '
              "Earth's Last Night, or Last Night on Earth, what an awesome "
              'name!Words cannot describe what this movie is like, or how '
              'awesome it is, At least this is so for me, I simply cannot do '
              'it with words, but I believe this actually proves how good this '
              "movie is, since if words can describe it, it wouldn't have "
              'accomplished its goal, the goal of motion picture, as a medium '
              'of art, is to express something that language cannot express, '
              "just like Beethoven's Symphonies, or Monet's paintings.Many "
              "People won't understand this movie, because they're not "
              "Chinese, they don't understand how the subtle details in this "
              'movie reminds us of our country, and even if chinese audiences '
              'are watching it, like the few that watched it with me tonight, '
              "won't get it, because most Chinese people have almost no "
              'exposure to Art House Cinema, they usually watch 3 types of '
              'movies, Hollywood Action Flicks, Romantic Comedy, or Horror, '
              "that's it.The Film Score in this movie is also awesome, Bela "
              'Bartok wanted to write Hungarian Themed Muisc in the western '
              'classical fasion, the soundtrack in this movie is somewhat like '
              "Bartok's, they have the same goal, this movie's music comprise "
              'of Electronic Music featuring themes in the style of music from '
              "China's minor ethnic cultures, this, plus the hour long single "
              'take dream sequence, make this film so rare a work of art, that '
              'it deserves to be charished.Despite the dream-like scenes, and '
              'experimental techniques, the film actually captured '
              'realistically what contemporary rural china is like, which is '
              "rare, but it's nothing like our urban areas right now, if "
              "anyone wants to see a good film featuring modern china's major "
              'cities, I suggests the Chinese TV Comedy Drama: "Pretty Li Hui '
              'Zhen", it\'s very cheezy and childlish, but the portrayal of '
              'Shanghai is very realistic!Thanks for reading!Ni Guang Xin',
 'tt8239806': 'I saw this for the first time today after freshly remembering '
              'the first one.\n'
              'The plot gets tedious n the film is not at all engrossing like '
              'its predecessor. There is no likeable or memorable character.\n'
              'The shoot outs n the car chase sequence is badly edited.\n'
              'The film starts like Deathwish 4 but goes downhill.\n'
              'While the first one has good suspense n tension, this one gets '
              'boring.\n'
              'The ending is also a meh.',
 'tt8306326': 'Set against the backdrop of the barren rural areas in North '
              'China, the film examines the occurring issues troubling local '
              'villagers, particularly from a modern-day '
              "widow-turned-shaman-witch's POV, and with most of its running "
              'time in black and white. As part of the group trying to '
              "survive, the witch (, or the fairy, according to the film's "
              'original Chinese title,) is forced to make a living by deceits, '
              'and then by chance and luck, becomes much-needed by her fellow '
              'villagers. However, while showing salvation, the protagonist '
              'gradually unveils some more shocking truths beneath lies, among '
              'superstition and human nature. The ensemble performance is '
              'convincing in that it helps the director construct such a '
              'simple, true-to-life yet powerful narrative that is more than '
              'just a docu-drama or a dark comedy ( like "Free and Easy") '
              'about the northern landscape and ordinary people. Rather, it is '
              'a surrealist drama that yells at you calmly yet whole-heartedly '
              'every now and then. 7.5/10, to be honest.',
 'tt8319694': "It's a very fun film with good young actors with lots of comedy "
              'a bit like the hip Korean and Japanese Movies.',
 'tt8366766': 'This film was obviously a patch-up works by the screenplay '
              'writer who borrowed heavily from some Hollywood so-called '
              'horror action thrillers, but there were so many big holes and '
              'huge flaws that could drive through by Ford 350 diesel truck. '
              'The manipulation of the stock market scenario was absurd, even '
              'it was hinted by the ridiculous Chinese stock market, crafted '
              "up by a layman who didn't know buying and selling the stocks at "
              "all. It's just so weird. The leading actor is a certified "
              'Chinese A-list box office sure thing, but I just felt sorry for '
              'this guy to play out the whole stupid film by following the '
              'childish and ridiculous scenarios. He played well enough but '
              'the whole scenario simply was too laughable. I also felt very '
              'uncomfortable to watch the female actor who played the wife '
              'role. Her nose and chin were just looked so fake, abnormal and '
              'so unnatural, both obviously were bad Korean plastic jobs . But '
              "fairly speaking, she's not a bad actor. The actor who played "
              'the revengeful guy was not a good one, the plan he carried out '
              'his revenge was completely ridiculous and unconvincing, a young '
              'guy from a very poor background and financial resource, '
              'impossible to single-handedly designed and carried out such big '
              'revengeful kidnapping project. You must put your I.Q. to sleep '
              'first before you decide to take the whole story for '
              "granted.There's unspeakable weirdness about the whole script's "
              'logic, because it was missing from the very beginning to the '
              'end, nothing was possible and likely to happen.',
 'tt8384298': 'A woman who is having a difficult time with the accidental '
              'death of her husband and how much the money she received from '
              'it really coming down to his life not being worth, in terms of '
              'money, much.This was just a very sad and depressing film. I '
              'kept hoping that her melancholy would drive her to take action '
              "but it just sorta stayed a bit stagnant. It wasn't completely "
              'awful but it just left a lot to be desired.',
 'tt8385474': "Continuation of first part, 'A DOG's PURPOSE'. It will "
              'definitely make you cry, and that too several times. A really '
              'great movie filled with love, positivism and cuteness. Great '
              'cast, awesome dogs, fantastic story.\n'
              'A must watch, not just for dog lovers, but for everyone!',
 'tt8392146': 'I am not sure if there is another movie out there with nearly '
              'the same cast but different female leads but the film I watched '
              'lead character is Sunny played by Li Ran. There is not a '
              'Chinese police woman nor a roguishly handsome Interpol agent. '
              "They are not in the worlds tallest building, it's a conference "
              'center. And while Lei-ri Chen is credited as Lee in the movie '
              'credits at the end of the film I have no memory of her '
              'character. In fact Sunny is the only female character with any '
              'significant screen time. She plays one of the delegates at a '
              'conference except she has a Chinese military history which '
              'explains her ability to engage the attackers.Essentially Sunny '
              'and other delegates from different nations come to a conference '
              'to discuss security software. The conference is to be locked '
              'down while this occurs. Attackers posing as cooks and waiting '
              'staff take over the building after it is locked down. They pose '
              'as terrorist but are really here for Other reasons. Sunny after '
              'leaving the conference room before the attack is their only '
              'hope as she alone must stop the attackers.The acting is pretty '
              'poor in this film, there is some poor dubbing, the story is a '
              'die hard clone and even the fights are so poorly shot and '
              "choreographed they fail to carry the film. It's just very "
              'cheaply done. I am wondering if the summary was from kind of '
              'preproduction plan and things changed once they finally filmed '
              'it and it was never updated.I watched it on prime, it is safe '
              'to skip.',
 'tt8399698': "Plot is too past-fashion, and all crew members didn't have any "
              'acting skills. Just a work from high school student',
 'tt8404272': 'Not only the nearly perfect performances of the two main '
              'characters in this film attrated me, but also the very "spirit '
              'beauty" of actress Tong truly fascinated me! Support them and '
              'try to watch ASAP!!!',
 'tt8411990': '01/31/2021 The movie is about a young asian delivery boy who, '
              'only by accident comes across a young female doctor who he '
              'quickly believes is his long lost sister so he starts stalking '
              'her and the rest is the movie. I thought it was a good movie '
              'and held my interest throughout so I suggest that you give it a '
              "try. Bon Appetit'",
 'tt8434380': 'As usual, Jiang Wen served as the director, screenwriter, and '
              'actor of the film, but this time he seems to have lost focus.\n'
              'Occasionally, the aura is reminding the audience from time to '
              'time that the movie is relatively safe and relatively '
              'interesting. The lantern-style character rushed to show the '
              "world view to the audience, so Jiang Wen's quick editing with "
              'full tension turned into a rush in the film.\n'
              'Seeing the end, I feel that it is a sloppy ending in the sense '
              'of reason, and the sensibility feels "finally over."',
 'tt8443556': 'A movie that is clearly made for the masses of China. Simple, '
              "direct and full of slapstick humor. Yue Yunpeng's acting may "
              'give you a laugh here and there, but it quickly gets tiring and '
              'repetitive and the film is lacking in depth or simply just '
              "overall quality. De Yun She's rockstar stature in China almost "
              'guarantees marketing success, but it also undoubtedly takes '
              'away any expectation of quality. The biggest draw and '
              'excitement of the film comes from the numerous guest '
              'appearances, but even then, those performances feels amateur '
              'and poor to say the least.',
 'tt8489090': 'Wang Qianyuan and the rest of the cast really shines in Lobster '
              'Cop, a movie that is both ridiculous and full of heart. But '
              "heart doesn't always make up for a subpar plot, and in essence "
              "the movie is like many other cop films in China we've seen over "
              'the years. Corny and predictable in the most inconvenient '
              'times. The most surprising aspect is the use of bright neon '
              'lights throughout the film that does give the movie a little '
              'extra flair and style. Also wished Shen Teng would have a '
              'bigger role, as his character is one the best.',
 'tt8499638': 'When it comes to good spy movies, there are more than i can '
              'count. The genre is big and people love it. Saturday Fiction is '
              'a very special type of movie in this genre. I was lucky enough '
              'to see this movie at the very first screening at the Venice '
              "Filmfestival. Critics didn't like the movie, but i loved it.\n"
              'The movie tells the story of a young actress, who is working '
              'for the Allies to collect informations about the Japanese. When '
              'she is coming to 1941-Shanghai, she has a special mission...\n'
              "I don't want to give away to much plot at this point, because "
              'the story is beautiful narrated and is the most enjoyable by '
              'watching it yourself.\n'
              'The movie has beautiful and artistic cinematography and is far '
              'far away from the mainstream spy genre. You have multiple '
              'characters, which are well developed (at least the main '
              'characters) and the story is tricky and feeds with nice little '
              'twist. The acting(especially Gong Li) is phenomenal and the '
              'music fits perfectly.\n'
              'For me it is one of the most perfectly balanced movies i have '
              'ever seen. It is never trying to be super creativ or super '
              'artistic. It stays true to himself, tells a interesting story '
              'in a perfect way and it will suck you into the story and blows '
              'your mind with the third Act, in which all the tension building '
              'up going to be set free in one of the most thrilling movie '
              'finals i have ever seen.\n'
              'A must-see for fans of asian movies and arthouse movies.',
 'tt8517640': 'Truth is always too bitter to swallow, Bias and ignorance are '
              'just under the skin of indignity and glory.',
 'tt8529186': 'I write this review after I read the other two. One used '
              '"farce" in the topic, the other used "cinecism"instead of '
              '"review". And I can hardly understand both of them. I don\'t '
              'mean they were wrong about the words. No offense. Just feel a '
              'little bit confused.\n'
              'Anyway, speaking of the movie itself, as a comedy, it is '
              'hilarious and creative. Thanks to the directors and all the '
              'casts. What makes it special for me is that comparing with its '
              "trailer, it can be even more splendid. That's not easy.",
 'tt8549902': 'I have grown somewhat accustomed to different rhythms and '
              'emphases in modern popular Chinese movies. Even with that in '
              'mind, I found OOLONG COURTYARD to be a poorly edited and only '
              'occasionally amusing mess of a Kung Fu comedy. Man-Tat Ng is a '
              'poor street hustler (he seems to be a Stephen Chow type). He '
              'has a racket of falling down in front of cars and pretending to '
              'be injured, then collecting hush money from the drivers. He '
              'picks up an acolyte who thinks this is someone who can teach '
              'him about real life. A gangster breaks in and demands he steal '
              'a sacred artifact from a temple/school, so off the two go to '
              'learn about kung fu and some important relationship lessons '
              'from the sweet and dedicated elders and the youngsters -- '
              'including a couple of potty-mouthed five-year-old orphans.While '
              'there are some decent gags if you enjoy purely destructive '
              "slapstick a la the Three Stooges -- I don't -- the story itself "
              'stops and starts for these setpieces for most of the middle of '
              'the movie. Other characters have subplots which similarly are '
              'referred to, ignored, then brought up hastily in the last '
              'minutes.I have no doubt there is appreciative audience for such '
              'hijinks. It is not, however, me, nor I believe, anyone who '
              'appreciates a good story wrapped around their comedy gags.',
 'tt8586880': 'The story is weak, could be told much better. Combined with bad '
              'acting it all leads to a low star ranking.',
 'tt8612254': 'Really great sci-fi horror, made in the best traditions of '
              'Alien rip-offs of 80s and we have cyberpunk dystonian future '
              'here and black and white noir style and big "go to not so far '
              'places " to the Hollywoods blockbusters (and I mean this '
              'strange Del Toro flick - China say you just NO! about sex with '
              'black lagoon monster). If you like good films that stays normal '
              'human friendly - this is must see. And yes I know its too naive '
              'in some parts, but hey! this film from country where in 70s no '
              'movies AT ALL, and mostly do not many entertaining movies like '
              'all 20 centuries. For industry which is only twenty years old - '
              'they made a big leap from nothing to Hollywood level.',
 'tt8619974': 'One of the best zombie movies. A real surprise from a web '
              'movie. The realistic behavior of the movie characters is one of '
              'the good point of it.',
 'tt8619980': 'I enjoyed this zombie flick for several reasons.\n'
              'Firstly, the scenery in this part of China is breathtaking and '
              'it makes a nice change to see such countryside in this kind of '
              'movie.\n'
              'The story is not particularly original but it moves along at a '
              'nice pace.\n'
              'A young man is looking for food in what looks like an abandoned '
              'house. He soon hears the sound of a woman being attacked by her '
              'father and witnesses her being attacked as he hides under the '
              'bed. In an attempt to escape the crazed zombie he is rescued by '
              'a beautiful young woman who shoots his pursuer with an arrow. '
              'The woman is accompanied by other men and they all band '
              'together to find safety.\n'
              "I don't want to elaborate any further as I have already "
              'included enough spoilers.The language is in Chinese and the '
              'version I watched had dreadful English subtitles that flashed '
              'by far too quickly to be fully read. However, the dialogue is '
              'not the most important thing in this movie.\n'
              'I thought the acting was strong and I felt empathy for the main '
              'characters.\n'
              "Well worth watching and better than I expected. It's not just "
              'another zombie flick as it has plenty of atmosphere and not '
              'very much gore. For me gratuitous gore ruins a good film.',
 'tt8688634': 'Good old fashioned cops and robbers movie,solid acting and '
              'great shootouts.Wish there was more of this type of movie!',
 'tt8747304': "I'm not understanding the tepid to cold reception this film "
              'seems to be receiving. At the time of writing the score here on '
              'IMDb is 4.5, perhaps this is due to the film not receiving a '
              'wide release. After a bit of googling the reviews seem to be '
              "coming back mixed. All I know is I'm sat here thinking this is "
              'a fantastic debut film from an exciting new director!To me, '
              'this was a film that dealt very effectively with big, universal '
              'subjects, mostly surrounding the passage of time. The '
              'relationships we form, and lose, within time; the changing '
              '(urban) environment (in particular relating to development and '
              'gentrification); and the almost eternal aspects of life, that '
              'pass from person to person, generation to generation, '
              "timelessly. Qiu doesn't attempt to summarise these concepts in "
              'absolute, or to illustrate them clearly to the audience, '
              'instead the aim is to observe these processes in action, and '
              'contemplate them both intellectually and emotionally. The '
              'sparse but deliberate writing gave me plenty to consider, while '
              'allowing me the space to arrive at personal conclusions.I was '
              'very impressed with the use of filmmaking techniques to bring '
              'attention to these concepts. Camera movement and use of zoom '
              'that reflects the environments people create for themselves. '
              'Colour that feels intrinsic to the environments we visit and '
              'the moods they create. Geometric, organised compositions '
              'juxtaposing with organic, naturalistic forms and shapes. '
              "There's a lot to unpack here.Qiu added extra difficulty to the "
              'production for his cast. The adult cast has a script which is '
              'for the most part, on the surface, so mundane that bringing '
              'characterisation into the performance must be a challenge. But '
              'the whole cast succeeds excellently. And the rest of the film '
              'is concerned with child characters, which can be a risk if the '
              'casting is not up to scratch. Here however, all of the child '
              'actors do a fantastic job of building characters with depth, '
              'charm and realism.In summary, in my eyes Suburban Birds is one '
              'of the most interesting debut films of the last years. Bold in '
              'his style, humble and honest in his philosophy, Qiu has made a '
              'statement that is worth thinking about. I look forward to more '
              'films, and hope that more people get the chance to watch this '
              'one.',
 'tt8755316': 'Not too striking to feel amazed but true enough to depict the '
              'social situations and reflect some critical social issues '
              'through modifications on true stories. The vitalist part for '
              'this movie is not humor as it is originally aimed at, however, '
              'it is its unique way to tell a common rule by place its setting '
              'in a brief history of human societal evolvement. Each stage '
              'there is one idiosyncratic leader performing as the pioneer of '
              'the group to lead the people to survive, entertain and be '
              'solitary. However, each leader seems innocent with their '
              'purpose first but eventually they exacerbate due to the system '
              'established and sustained to strengthen their position and '
              'privileges. This, the movie reminds of a power without '
              'monitoring and restricting can be a fierce lion.',
 'tt8757162': "Chinese director Yuan Qing's first feature film '3 Adventures "
              "of Brooke' is a three-part fairytale-like parable, set in the "
              'beautiful Malaysian coast city of Alor Setar, starring Xu '
              'Fangyi as the titular character, a Chinese tourist. Each of the '
              'three stories begin with her bicycle tire being punctured while '
              'riding through the countryside, and her subsequent meeting with '
              'three different groups of strangers. Although the screenplay '
              'often veers dangerously close to being a tourist attraction '
              'guide of the area, it has a certain charming, light, '
              'conversational, Rohmer-esque quality, with occasional flashes '
              'of deep, insightful brilliance and unpredictable detours. The '
              'first story is a comedy of errors with a slight moralist touch, '
              'where she encounters a friendly local woman. In the second '
              'story, a minimal, slightly more serious drama, she meets a '
              'group of young men determined to turn the city into a more '
              'modern, economic, upscale tourist hub. The third story, '
              "decidedly the film's centrepiece, deals with her meeting an old "
              'French writer (played by Pascal Greggory) and taking a '
              'strangely romantic journey with him, while engaging in profound '
              'conversations about life, love and the universe.Among the three '
              'pieces, I found the last segment a bit preachy and '
              'self-indulgent, albeit being more direct and romantic. The '
              'apparently aimless minimalism and the slick underhandedness of '
              'the first two stories disappear in this, as the director tries '
              'to make a definite point, and the script falters at places. The '
              'actors do a very god job though, in all the segments. The '
              'cinematography is bright and cheerful, in keeping with the '
              'theme of light fantasy. Overall, this exercise of weaving three '
              'stories out of a simple inane event holds good even in this '
              'uneven result. [6.5/10]',
 'tt8761374': 'Chinese movie has good one but not this. Very unnatural for '
              'many aspects and too many blah. Not intense and acting is poor '
              'for leading actress and most actor. This movie makes me Focus '
              'on the acting can imagine how boring it is. Also, if you look '
              'into the special effect in this movie, you can see holloywood '
              'ones are all classic.',
 'tt8774260': "Didn't expect this local comics adaptation to be that "
              'emotionally effective at all! Casting is superb in picking Peng '
              'and Zhang as the role of brother and sister respectively. Under '
              'the helm of Taiwanese director Fen-fen Cheng, the young talents '
              'shine with their sibling chemistry, which is perfectly '
              'displayed and elevated, and the chemistry works like '
              'magic...just like the magic of that birthday wish Shi Miao made '
              'in the film. I simply like how the director turned this comic '
              'series into a moving and believable live-action family drama '
              'with a female touch. When fantasy meets realism in film, if '
              'done carefully, even the most demanding audience give in. And '
              "it's relatively rare for Asian films!",
 'tt8779020': 'When I read a brief synopsis of this film for the Jerusalem '
              'film festival, I feared it might be a political screed about '
              'the besieged Uygher people oppressed by China. Instead it was '
              'primarily a lovely human story of two families going through '
              'changes to their to their impoverished agricultural lifestyles. '
              'Yes, some political implications, with Mainland Mandarin '
              'language and pressures dominating their lifestyles, but the '
              'focus here is much more on simple eternal issues of illness, '
              'growing old, marital discord, its effect on children, big city '
              '"progress" vs. simple family values, the "importance" of '
              'education (maybe?). The children here are just wonderful. '
              'Beautiful, non affected, funny, utterly believable, apparently '
              'some non professional actors. The cinematography lush at times, '
              'always simple and captivating. Haunting music and some lovely '
              'poetry. Listen to the beautiful song the father sings to his '
              'wife. These people lead very different lives than most of the '
              'westerners who will see the movie, and yet all the conflicts, '
              'problems, and joys seem so touching and real. A special gem, '
              'methinks.',
 'tt8787116': 'Once again Vincent Zhao is back to play one of the most famous '
              'Chinese characters ! The movie reminds me of Once Upon A Time '
              'Hero In China a lot, sure the Jet Li classics are better, but '
              'The Unity of Heroes is a good kung-fu flick that deserves a try '
              "as well. Personally I enjoyed it and I don't mind seeing "
              'sequels for it.',
 'tt8793220': 'Do not watch In Case you are a RACIST!\n'
              'This film contains violence and racism!',
 'tt8836292': 'Strange things happen to a jovial truck driver named Jinpa on a '
              'desolate road in the high plains of Tibet. After accidently '
              'running over a sheep, Jinpa picks up a hitchhiker who is bent '
              'on revenge for the murder of his father. The man does not look '
              'like the killing type to Jinpa, so he decides to follow the man '
              'to see how things turn out. Karma, luck and parallel universes '
              'combine along the way to guide Jinpa, along with the sheep he '
              'hit, to the next stages of life.The soft natural light, gentle '
              'pace and exotic locations of the film are alluring and soothing '
              'to experience. The simple appearance of the film and '
              'straightforward performances by the actors, obscure a more '
              'complex and sophisticated narrative. It is a fascinating '
              'glimpse of a remote corner of the world with vibrant, happy and '
              'colorfully dressed people with intriguing and vastly different '
              'customs than are own. Tea/gambling/alcohol houses are centers '
              'of town life, for instance, and people are free to carry on '
              'intimate relationships with whomever they please (such things '
              'are not the focus of the film, just aspects of it). Seen at the '
              '2018 Toronto International Film Festival.',
 'tt8845432': 'The storytelling is a mess, the storyline looks like is made by '
              'many broken pieces. The plot is not intriguing to me at all. I '
              "don't see why'd people try to entertain others by acting "
              'extremely fat. Clown play is an old fashion, people nowadays '
              'are really tired of this kind of play. We funny dialogues and '
              'fantastic plots to push the story, not by acting fat or ugly. I '
              'was intentionally to rate at 3/10 stars, but after reading the '
              'cast list, I turned it into 1/10 because both the leading casts '
              '- Wen Zheng and Bao Beier are rubbishy guys in history, one '
              'cheated on his wife when the wife was in pregnancy, another one '
              'had a terrible taste of rough horseplay at wedding by insulted '
              "the bride's maid.",
 'tt8846198': 'The director LIU is good at digging the social reality.\n'
              " I can't imagine if my child had an incurable disease, and I am "
              'really noy sure how to choose.Perhaps,someone should cross this '
              'out,but I could not .So does the Meng .\n'
              ' The performance of Meng is perfect.I like her eyes.Although '
              'she her make-up is untidy,I am sure she is a fascinating beauty '
              'with great acting skills.',
 'tt8856172': 'Incredible creative, quite weird imagination, shockingly brutal '
              'and also contain sociology prophesy, with the style of '
              'anomalism! Something like strange mixture of Jan Svankmajer and '
              'George Orwell.',
 'tt8875366': 'Typically, As a coming-of-age story,the film focuses on the '
              'growth of a protagonist from youth to adulthood, and as the '
              'CHINESE traditonal youth movie,there will ultimately '
              'demonstrate some specific factors,such as '
              'abortion/betray/gun/blood/fighting/suicide,etc.\n'
              'We all tired of that and no one is going to put up with it any '
              'more.So that is a big risk for me to spend 99 mins in the '
              'cinema after a long day at work.\n'
              'But the investments of time and money would prove worthwhile.\n'
              'Actually,THE CROSSING(GUO CHUN TIAN) avoid all of these usual '
              "old formula.It's neat and tidy and pure, just a "
              'Sixteen-year-old girl , Peipei attempts to earn money so that '
              'she can spend Christmas holidays at a Japanese hot spring with '
              'her friend.\n'
              'Of course it showed some factots sounds familiar to us,the '
              'divorced parents, neither of them cared about her,falling in '
              "love with best friend's boyfriend and then betrayed the "
              'orgination for him and so on.\n'
              'Luckly, the director has an excellent taste of expression, she '
              'found a special way to deal with those plots, used the detail '
              'of visual scene instead of letting characters speaking too many '
              'dialogues and avoided excessive performance.Besides,light and '
              'sound were handled so powerfully to enhance the affectiveness '
              'of the movie scene.For example,the audiences must find '
              'theirselves nervous and fidgeting while watching Peipei and HAO '
              'tied the mobile phone to each other.We may expect something '
              'happens,but secretly pray it never occurs.\n'
              'There is no kissing and no hugging, no eye contact, just the '
              "behaviors, that's to say,the emotional had been restrainted, "
              'but we would be able to tell the secret meaning behind their '
              'actions, everyone could get the passing ambiguous emotions '
              'withing the red light and heavy breathing, the feeling of '
              'sensual had increaded through the very few dialogues.I guess '
              "that's the right way to express the love of youth, it is done "
              'while it just happens.\n'
              'The pains,the love of the youth, the director made it decent '
              "and restraining and limiting, that's why it worths to watch.\n"
              'Precisely,there are also some drawbacks of this film,such as '
              "the suddely pause and the terrible music(yes that's so "
              "bad),some trivial shots should be deleted...but that's "
              'acceptable to a certain extent, as a debut.\n'
              "All in all,it's never too much to say it's a pleasant "
              'experience watching this film.',
 'tt8893870': 'Time Raiders +Ai qing gong yu\n'
              'IP+IP=a amazing hole in mind\n'
              'Everyone is the protagonist of life.\n'
              "No one's protagonist halo serves get D-.\n"
              'This is a pleasant viewing experience.',
 'tt8901722': 'As the first movie reflecting the real Teochew/Chaoshan rural '
              'life, this film shows us many traditionals and local favors. If '
              'you ever live in a Teochew villiage, the film may recall you '
              'memories of all those details of Teochew, through the language '
              'and the scene.\n'
              "The story is about a rebellious boy. He is rebellious, doesn't "
              'have a decent job. What he wants is far different from what his '
              'father hope for. After years of conflicts between his father '
              'and him, he finally settles down and runs a resturant. The '
              'story is nothing special\n'
              'What we can get from the film is the greatness of father, the '
              'fighting spirit of Teochew people, etc.\n'
              'The actors, even the director are all rookies. This is the '
              'first time they try to make a movie. So the story and the '
              'acting skill is not good.\n'
              'I give 8/10 rating since I am from a village of Swatow. '
              'Actually, the film itself can only get a 4-6/10 rating if the '
              "audience don't have any experience living in Teochew village. I "
              'see many many farmiliar scenes when I was a child. I can '
              'understand the the film wants to say since the story is very '
              'farmiliar. The story happens to many people in Teochew. So I '
              'raise the rating because I was totally moved.',
 'tt8922832': 'The modern audiences typically corral around big budget sci-fi. '
              'Trending lately, those movies guarantee impressive CGI but '
              'neglect plot and logic, culminating in shiny messes.Last '
              'Sunrise, unencumbered by fashion, stands its ground on the new '
              'niche of good story telling and people-elements. As a '
              'non-spectacle, the film greatly simplified the apocalypse '
              'scenario down to a story of two initial strangers, much like '
              "Steve Carrell's 2012 (..Friend.. end of the world). The reduced "
              'complexity in progression actually greatly increased the '
              'believability. Maybe doomsday is not so noisy, hard and '
              'terrible. This is a movie that will not tire you out.The '
              'closing of the film is well wrapped, so much so, it needed no '
              'elation; no princess saving, or rock explosions necessary. Last '
              'Sunrise, finished in the best way modest investments allow, '
              'dropping just enough pseudo science along the way for more '
              'advanced astro-calamity fans to nibble on.',
 'tt8925102': 'Voice acting was basic plain monotonous and uninspiring. CGI '
              'was plastic cheap looking both for actionable figures, and '
              'background which was also very static 2-D. Storyline was '
              'non-creative predictable redux of little bug saves the day '
              'becomes insect hero.',
 'tt8959680': "After a long line of patriotic films, which won't resonate "
              "beyond China's borders, One Second was a very welcome film.The "
              'film is about an escaped convict who wants to see his daughter '
              'in a newsreel, the reel of which becomes the focal point of the '
              'movie. Throughout the movie, the main protagonist chases an '
              'orphan girl who steals the newsreel featuring his daughter. At '
              'times absurb (reflecting the times and accompanying behavior), '
              'at others humourous, the movie is overall a warm, touching tale '
              'of how two complete strangers come together, filling a void in '
              'the other.Zhang Yimou once again captures the beauty of the '
              'surrounding area, even if often nothing more than desert and a '
              "drab village. There wasn't a character out of place nor an "
              'actor who failed to deliver.Highly recommend.',
 'tt9020130': 'Worth watching just for the cultural & physical environment of '
              "seeing life in western China's Gobi desert. Interesting twists "
              'on three quite different lives merging & then separating on to '
              "their individual journey's conclusions. The only part that "
              'seemed like a standard plot hook was the overly imaginative '
              'encounter w/criminal money lenders.',
 'tt9036926': 'Not a cute story more hard hitting cried in some parts. Acting '
              'was excellent especially the main lead girl felt all her '
              'emotions. Was a good movie.',
 'tt9074406': 'Boring story, terrible animation and weak characters.',
 'tt9099176': 'An incredibly poignant movie. All of us have a parent, an '
              'uncle, a sister, a spouse, aging and struggling to age '
              "gracefully. They capture all of this perfectly. It's "
              "beautifully done and a story that almost feels like it's "
              'bordering between a feature film and a documentary in the sense '
              'of the movie becoming the final play of its own, immortalising '
              'what a play can never do.',
 'tt9198974': 'Perhaps too much source material to cover, the film fails to '
              'mesh into a coherent end product. The concept and story is '
              'great, so is the setting using Macau and how it really delves '
              'into the underground universe of casinos, but trying to cover '
              'multiple storylines is too much to ask for in under 2 hours. '
              'The story is an emotional one and requires a strong female lead '
              'to carry, but I think Bai fails to do so. While she shines in '
              "certain emotionally charged film, she doesn't have the look and "
              'feel of Xiao O. While the film has a pretty straightforward '
              'storyline and character progression, but the path it took to '
              'get their is too loose. An interesting group of characters, '
              'each one with their own personality and motivation, and how all '
              "of them succumbs to Macau is one I've heard so often over the "
              'years.',
 'tt9203190': "Ok, the story is a bit simple, but it's a nice popcorn disaster "
              'movie',
 'tt9243442': 'Bad and ridiculous script with so many non-talent B-level '
              'Western actors and C-level Chinese actors, trying so hard to '
              'make believe the Chinese Special Force now is one of the most '
              'formidable players to fight against any e foreign or domestic '
              'evil militia organization, a lame spin-off of "Wolf Soldier", '
              'but not even closer within 1,000 miles. All the fighting scenes '
              'just looked stupid and fake enough.',
 'tt9282616': 'A Cool Fish is an action-comedy movie with a dramatic twist. It '
              'tells several different stories that are all linked. We follow '
              'two friends and thugs who want to rob a bank but end up taking '
              'cell phone models from a cheap store and hide in the apartment '
              'of a suicidal woman in a wheelchair. The brother of said woman '
              'is a security guard and former police officer who now works for '
              'a businessman who betrayed his own clients and the security '
              'guard tries to retrieve a gun that was stolen from him. His '
              "former colleagues don't care about the gun however and are busy "
              "chasing the two thieves. The security officer's daughter is "
              "friends with the businessman's son who tries to clear his "
              "father's name. His father's clients and partners organize daily "
              'funerals in the city to put pressure on the businessman who has '
              'fled the city with his emotive girlfriend. All these characters '
              'will end up at the same spot for an explosive showdown.Does the '
              'plot sound confusing to you? It actually is and that is one of '
              'the few flaws of the film. It includes too many characters, '
              'locations and side stories. Some elements of the plot are also '
              'quite hard to believe. Another flaw is the dragging ending that '
              'certainly overstays its welcome. This film would be much more '
              'efficient if it were fifteen minutes shorter.Apart of the '
              'stretched ending, A Cool Fish is a dynamic, entertaining and '
              'funny movie. The action scenes have hilarious slapstick '
              'elements. The dialogues often have dark and dry humour. The '
              'actresses and actors are rather convincing with the suicidal '
              'woman in the wheelchair being the greatest of them all.If you '
              'are looking for an entertaining action-comedy movie with a few '
              'profound touches towards the end, you will certainly enjoy this '
              "dynamic film. It's not a particularly memorable movie but an "
              'enthusiastic one that is best enjoyed at your local cinema with '
              "a few friends. It's certainly more creative, vivid and "
              'surprising than another Hollywood reboot of an old '
              'action-comedy franchise.',
 'tt9288776': 'It is a truth that Chinese animation production is at a primary '
              'stage,and in fact the story is old school,but it is a great '
              'progress compared to other Chinese animation film.another '
              'attration is the film gives us a new,different story unlike the '
              'original. Although there is still a long way for this kind of '
              'movie ,but I think it gives me both a visual and mesmerizing '
              'feature',
 'tt9368628': "Don't come in expecting the Looney Tunes level of insanity from "
              'Kung Fu Hustle; this flick is subdued in comparison. It still '
              'got tons of laughs, slapstick comedy and heart. It lags a bit '
              'in the middle but hey, any new Stephen Chow film is always '
              'welcome. Even his lesser movies are way more fun than most of '
              'the dreck they populates streams like Netflix.',
 'tt9387300': 'I would like to know when this movie will be available',
 'tt9387518': 'I am very impressed with this movie. It is visually appealing, '
              "with a great story line and superb acting. It's one of the best "
              "movies I've seen.",
 'tt9408490': 'No one could understand the story without knowledge of the '
              'Italian original film.',
 'tt9408568': 'They use sound effects from Counterstrike and they use them for '
              'everything.\n'
              'Footsteps, gunfire, the bouncing of grenades and pulling their '
              'guns out all come from Counterstrike.\n'
              "I don't think i need to explain why this movie is terrible.Also "
              'for some reason people confuse this movie with another by the '
              'name of S.W.A.T 2019. Both are chinese and both have the same '
              'actor that plays the bad guy in both movies. But this is not '
              'S.W.A.T.',
 'tt9409854': 'Somebody was drinking when he wrote the script:) a totally '
              'nonsensical dizzying waste of time I could have spent watching '
              'paint dry. All the personality of American beer. Watch this '
              'only of you are really high.',
 'tt9434778': "I've just watched Mubi USA when I saw the trailer. I was "
              'shocked and the project influences me. But after finishing the '
              "movie, I'm disappointed.",
 'tt9477132': '2020 has been a weird year and why not start this weird year '
              'with the weirdest movie I have ever seen from China. After 2014 '
              'China has become chollywood with Americans style of movies with '
              'a lot of sci-fi, horror and action stuff plus poor cgi effects '
              'that belongs to a syfy channel. Snake is one of the new Chinese '
              'movie style released in 2018 after the Asura area.During the '
              '1940s war, a Japanese military group find something large size '
              'snake in the jungle. Fast forward to 2018, a Chinese hunter '
              'group together with a snake expert arrives to the same jungle '
              'to discover an important plant, only to find out the unusual '
              'large sized snake is still alive and hunting down the '
              "hunters.It's sounds exciting on the paper but it's more silly "
              'and over done. Specially with some comic relief characters that '
              'take away the scary feeling. But part from the silliness and '
              "the cgi effect, it's entertaining. It was one of those movie "
              'that one call so bad it is good, like the room but with a giant '
              'snake. 5/10.',
 'tt9479806': 'This is a good film, it has more than one unpredictable twist '
              'and does not have any over the top acting that can be a '
              "hallmark of asian cinema.(This film is in Korean so I've seen a "
              'version with subtitles)',
 'tt9490414': 'Decent enough for no2 would have preferred original cast but '
              'these were ok\n'
              'Song in it was grt too',
 'tt9496220': 'A docu-drama at the first sight, "Crossing the Border - Zhao '
              'Guan" is like a stream of river gently and relentlessly flowing '
              'towards your heart and mind, via a motor tri-cycle road trip '
              'through the countryside of Henan with Grandpa and his little '
              'boy Ning Ning. A tiny budget of 400 thousand RMB (which equals '
              "about 58 thousand US dollars) didn't reduce the film's "
              'production value, but it does add up some expectations with '
              'simple yet authentic details and a joint force of directing, '
              'performance and scriptwriting. "Do people all die in the end?" '
              ', Ning Ning asks. Grandpa usually responds to a question like '
              'this with a yes or no followed with a series of stories and '
              'flashbacks, then taking us back not only to the aftermath of '
              'some "natural disasters" in the late 1950s (when China was '
              "already under the Communists' reign), but further more, to more "
              'than 2500 years back, when a wise statesman of ancient China '
              "got his hair all turned grey over a night's run while he "
              'strived to cross the Border - Zhao Guan to escape from a '
              'besiege from his rivals. As the lyrics of that famed piece of '
              'Chinese opera (sang by Grandpa) go, life is like Wu Tzi-Hsu '
              'crossing the Border- Zhao Guan, face the challenges and one '
              'will see the way up ahead, easy or hard, sooner or later. In '
              "the end, Grandpa seems to have become everyone's grandpa --an "
              "ideal type that kids don't feel like saying goodbye to after a "
              "trip together and can't wait to make a phone call and share "
              'their little secrets to. 7.5/10',
 'tt9567112': 'So few people know who Stephon really was and what he went '
              "through bc of the media's decision to outcast him. This is a "
              'powerful documentary showing the triumphs, falls, and most '
              'importantly how staying true to yourself can take you anywhere. '
              'Steph is the type of guy the world needed. He focused on change '
              'and his morals centered around doing the right thing. '
              'Ultimately whether you know everything or nothing about '
              'Starbury, this will motivate and empower you to stay true.',
 'tt9585788': 'This won the Tiger at the filmfestival in Rotterdam (IFFR), '
              'deservedly in my opinion. The screening i attended had a QnA '
              'which unfortunately i had to walk out on since i needed to get '
              'home .. shame it would have been interesting to hear the '
              "director's thoughts.I do know she made this two hour film from "
              'over 800 hours of livestreamed footage which she recorded, then '
              "edited down and reused with permission.There's a rotating cast "
              "of characters and i don't want to say too much about them since "
              'it is fun to get to know them without any '
              'preconceptions.Present Perfect was one of a few films at iFFR '
              'this year which engaged with internet culture, a fertile area '
              'from which i am sure more films will come.',
 'tt9586294': 'Every June, almost 10 million Chinese students sit for the '
              'National College Entrance Examination, or the "Gaokao". For '
              'many, this nine-hour exam is considered the most important '
              "deciding factor in a student's future: Success on the Gaokao is "
              "what determines acceptance to China's universities, which in "
              "turn determines one's future career.Although Better Days was "
              'initially censored by the Chinese government, the decision was '
              "later changed and the movie began showing in theaters. It's not "
              'hard to see why it enticed controversy in the first place as it '
              'portrays the Gaokao as a high pressure environment that fosters '
              'bullying, mental illness, and suicide. It opens a window to a '
              'world where students study endless hours in cram schools for '
              'their chance at a good future. Accountability in bullying cases '
              "is a recurring theme that underlies the movie.But don't get "
              "this wrong, this isn't a story about the Gaokao. This is a "
              'story about heartbreak. Heartbreak for students who are bullied '
              'by their peers. Heartbreak for single parents who put their '
              'hopes and dreams on their children. Heartbreak for those who '
              'love unconditionally and are willing to sacrifice everything. '
              'Dongyu Zhou (Soul Mate, Under the Hawthorn Tree) and Jackson '
              'Yee (TFboys) are deft as two halves of a love story while '
              'Director Derek Tsang masterfully captures the sheer range of '
              "both leads. The cinematography doesn't go unnoticed either as "
              'every shot has tremendous depth for those paying close '
              'attention.Of the many lines that stand out in this movie, one '
              'that resonates particularly is "If you weren\'t the bully, then '
              'you were being bullied." To me, this is what makes the film so '
              'powerful: its ability to pull at your heart over and over '
              'again. Go out and see this film. When you leave the theater, '
              'reflect on what you saw. Wonder how despite how far we have '
              'come, we still have so much left to go.',
 'tt9596638': 'Refreshing movie, great action with adrenaline rush. Casual cop '
              'style suits the hero well. Great play by villain teasing your '
              'emotions and igniting anger 💢. Good plot with minimal comedies '
              'in between and no explicit content. Looking forward to more '
              'stories like this.',
 'tt9597190': "I really like it. Campare to other Hang hang movie. This one's "
              'quite different. It can be a change point of his style, but in '
              "a good way. Also really like Teng Shen's performance!",
 'tt9608078': 'The movie is available on Iqiyi and does have English subtitles '
              "for those that can't understand Chinese.\n"
              'This film focuses on three different parts.\n'
              'The first is the base love story that develops between the main '
              'characters. It is highlighted in numerous parts and shows the '
              'growth from beginning to end. Their relationship changes to '
              'match the feeling of the film. The construction of the project '
              'and the destruction of the home.\n'
              'The second part is the focus on Zhao dan. He seems like a '
              'person, similar to Chaplin, who was famous in the "golden age". '
              'I will check out some of his films in the future. His image is '
              'focused on through the various elderly people who show some of '
              'the same issues "we" in the "west" may see in films. Chaplin '
              'was the most famous in the world. Today, the most famous '
              "doesn't compare at that level of popularity. Similarly, the "
              'jokes about the changes in Chinese culture over the time are '
              'interesting. Finally, the characters portrayed are based on '
              "everyday people, as were Chaplin's.\n"
              'The last part is the change in Shanghai. The change from the '
              "20's till the present day are pretty simple. The destruction of "
              'the old simply shows the destruction of Shanghai as a city. '
              'While its skyscrapers remain, the majority have been left '
              'behind, replaced by foreign entrants (both Chinese and '
              'non-Chinese). The final scene encapsulates this quite '
              'clearly.This is one of the better movies I have seen in a '
              "while. It might not translate to those who can't understand the "
              'language or the feeling.\n'
              'Pretension vs. profit. culture vs. taste. Money vs. history. '
              'All of these themes are clear in the film. If you have a '
              'chance, do see it. It will help in understanding Shanghai a bit '
              'better, rather than just limiting it to the modern city.',
 'tt9626928': 'Fast forward.This enxi grew up why can do nurse can also sell '
              "house part-time, part-time shunting crab, the nurse's work is "
              'very busy ah.Xu kai for 10 yuan tolls to remember the tying, '
              'this story is also farfetched...Japanese clothes wear very '
              'dusty, especially that night club, clothes so goodXu kai this '
              'super rich second generation, wearing clothes in bad taste '
              "itIt's so farfetched. The feeling of not being able to watch. "
              'Ruined the original for nothingOnly one star',
 'tt9629026': 'It is testament to the popularity of Peppa Pig in Mainland '
              'China that it is getting its first big-screen feature '
              'tailor-made for the Lunar New Year holidays, and to those '
              'worried that the character might not survive the cultural '
              "crossover well, we'd like to reassure you that it is as "
              "authentic a treatment as you'd probably imagine.Oh yes, the "
              'parts with Peppa, her brother George and her parents Mommy and '
              'Daddy Pig are for the most part comfortingly similar to that of '
              'the cartoons on TV, except of course that they are now in '
              "Mandarin than English. Among them, there's one with Peppa "
              "visiting the kids' carnival for a camping trip that turns into "
              'a muddy delight (if you know your Peppa, you know that means '
              'jumping up and down in muddy puddles); another with Gerald '
              "Giraffe as a new student in Peppa's class with her teacher "
              'Madame Gazelle, but feeling a little left out from the rest '
              'because of his height; yet another with Grandpa Pig showing off '
              'his toy aeroplanes when Peppa and George go over to visit; and '
              'last but not least, Peppa and her family taking a trip around '
              'the world to visit her friends Danny Dog, Suzy Sheep and Pedro '
              'Pony who are also on vacation.Yet while there is little sign '
              'that the creators of Peppa Pig have decided to sell out their '
              "character, it would be remiss if they didn't at least "
              'acknowledge the cultural context of her big-screen debut. Most '
              "significantly therefore, Peppa's concluding segment sees her "
              'celebrating the Lunar New Year with her friends and learning '
              'the traditions associated with the festival, such as spring '
              'cleaning, dragon dance and firecrackers. There is one more '
              'segment that sees two new classmates, Peggi and Pandora, '
              "joining Peppa's class, and let's just say it is no coincidence "
              'that both are panda twins whose father happens to be Police '
              "Officer Panda.If it isn't yet obvious, 'Peppa Pig Celebrates "
              "Chinese New Year' is less a feature-length version of Peppa's "
              'adventures than a loose collection of the usual Saturday '
              'morning shorts, strung together loosely by a live-action '
              'modern-day story of a family on the eve of the New Year. In a '
              "clear parallel to Peppa's family, this real life one comprises "
              'an older girl Tang Yuan, her younger brother Jiaozi and their '
              'parents. Jiaozi is especially fond of Peppa Pig, thus creating '
              'a convenient narrative bridge into the occasional animated '
              "segments. Instead of heading to their paternal grandparents' "
              'place, their maternal grandparents are coming over to visit '
              'this year, but comic hilarity (supposedly) ensues when both '
              'sets of grandparents decide to show up.Amidst paper cutting and '
              'dumpling making, both grandmothers will seemingly compete for '
              'the affections and attention of their grandchildren. But you '
              'should know better than to expect some all-out rivalry between '
              'the two elderly women, given how this is meant to be a '
              'family-friendly - or more accurately, child-friendly - movie '
              'after all. For every potential misgiving, there is always a '
              'song-and-dance number to defuse the tension, so get ready for '
              'no less than five live-action musical sequences. Indeed, '
              'director and co-writer Zhang Dapeng has fun turning almost '
              'anything into a song, including the two aforementioned '
              'activities, a squeezy minibus ride, spring cleaning, and even a '
              'visit to the toy shop.Truth be told, the whole film feels '
              'completely episodic, and the start-stop nature of the '
              'storytelling makes it feel draggy and even tedious for anyone '
              "above the age of ten. Yet if you're even thinking about "
              'watching this, it is probably because your younger kids love '
              'Peppa Pig; and if so, we dare guarantee that they will be '
              'entertained, and even excited for the Lunar New Year '
              'festivities. This is through and through intended for them, so '
              'there is really no point judging the movie on any other '
              'measure, lest of course you were one of them disaffected '
              'millennials in China who misappropriated Peppa as a symbol of '
              'slacker culture. But we digress - if you have a child that '
              'loves Peppa, take them by all means and let them enjoy this '
              "East-West fusion; otherwise, you probably wouldn't and "
              "shouldn't bother about this movie anyways.",
 'tt9635616': "I don't know where the low ratings come from. This movie had "
              'excitement,tension, action,romance,great cinematography and was '
              'well edited. If you enjoy movies like Vertical Limit and '
              'Everest then you will love this. I had to write this review '
              'because I did not see how the rating was so low and it should '
              'be seen.',
 'tt9647768': "I don't rate films 10 very often, you can check my rating "
              'history and see for yourselves. this one is a rare combination '
              'of technical mastery, as manifest in superb chinematography and '
              'lighting work, great editing, amazing acting, that is mainly '
              'the two leads who really shine all the way through, Ge Hu as '
              'the male lead and Lun-Mei Kwei who in my humble opinion has the '
              "most expressive poker face I've ever seen. That is as long as "
              "she carries her poker face, when the time comes you'll find she "
              'does have more than one facial expression.On top of all that, '
              'we get a tight story of a Greek tragedy proportions set in '
              'modern china, depicting a dark and un forgiving world that '
              'borrows a lot from the classics of Melville. If you remember '
              'Melville\'s attitude to the famous "honor among thieves" '
              "you'll know what to expect from this movie too. But do come "
              "with an open mind - you'll be blown away.",
 'tt9664198': 'First off, there is no sexual violence in this movie. Meili is '
              'about a Chinese working class lesbian trying to make a better '
              'life for herself, but things keep getting in the way. She wants '
              'to move to Shanghai to try bigger city life. She works from job '
              "to job and things are hard. It's a very slow real to life "
              "movie. Reminds me some of Jim Jarmusch's work but a little "
              "faster than most. It's a 90 minute look into working class "
              'China and if you ever had to work for minimum wage or close to, '
              'you will relate to this and maybe see a coworker in the main '
              'character. The lead actress is great and brings the whole thing '
              'together. The plot is predictable, but the movie feels very '
              "grounded that you really feel for Meili's struggles. The camera "
              "work is a little jarring in it's movements at times, like they "
              "couldn't afford to take too many takes or weren't filming with "
              'permits. But the actors pull it off. If you enjoy indie films, '
              "give this a watch. If you're looking for a budget or something "
              'more fast pace and a little Hollywood, then this might not be '
              'for you.',
 'tt9674226': 'To appreciate this film, you have to also appreciate, or at '
              'least tolerate, quirky directorial decisions.The story takes '
              "place over an adult's lifetime - from when young women were "
              'living 2-to-a-room in a company dormitory, to the "present day" '
              '(main story line) when the woman is only months from '
              'retirement. To linearize the story, she gets married, has a '
              'child, finds out that her husband is homosexual, but remains '
              'married. Divorce seems to have been occasionally mentioned, but '
              'the couple are never on the same wavelength at any time.The '
              'pregnant daughter returns home from the U.S., white husband in '
              'tow, in order to give birth in China. The mother is a constant '
              'tale of woe, starting with her dog switching allegiances to her '
              'husband. Even though she is interested in going to the U.S. '
              'with her daughter, she refuses to divorce, but instead joins a '
              'Buddhist cult, trying to pray her husband into being cured of '
              'homosexuality. From flashbacks, confrontations, and silences, '
              'various pieces of family history and secrets are revealed.A '
              "subplot involves the husband's lover marrying a lesbian, so "
              'that her IVF baby can have legitimacy. Together with the '
              "mother's caution against the gossips for anyone unmarried over "
              'the age of 30, this film suggests that, over the years, '
              'traditional respectability is still a major social force in '
              'China.',
 'tt9680630': 'The story line of this movie based novel "Zhu Xian". I have '
              'read and watched drama that based from this novel too. This '
              'movie production is good. The director made so much effort to '
              'put some of comedy.\n'
              'I was watching this movie after busy work. Glad that I watch '
              'this movie that contain comedy. I have great laugh. Finally I '
              'can release of my stress.',
 'tt9685342': 'I managed to grab a viewing of this as the storyline seemed '
              'interesting that a writer could be able to influence the real '
              'world and potentially have links to the story world that was '
              'created.There is much that can be commended, which is mostly '
              'the creativity and work that had gone into set design and '
              'costumes in the story world along with the soundtrack by Jed '
              'Kurzel, with clearly significant work done to make each area '
              'stand out. There are clear highlights of creativity that '
              'definitely show that what China is capable of producing is on '
              'par with USA.Unfortunately, the entire movie is let down with '
              'its storyline, which apparently had 4 screenwriters. '
              'Interesting elements are brought up and then dropped or never '
              'adequately explained, characters seem fairly bland and one '
              'dimensional with occasional hints of depth that is not able to '
              'be fully explored. I would say this is from trying to fit two '
              'linked stories into one movie, which naturally limits screen '
              'time for both.The inevitable final boss fight is the prevalent '
              'over-the-top CGI that Chinese movies appear to be going for '
              'nowadays; ultimately good looking but the over reliance of CGI '
              'and length means as an audience you become disconnected from '
              "what's going on in the real world.Some attempts are made to "
              'link things through in the denouement of the film however at '
              'this point with so many open ended plot elements it is '
              'difficult to know where to go from there.I think perhaps if '
              "more time was spent world building and exploring the writer's "
              'abilities and expanding on this in a second movie or a trilogy '
              'by reducing the scale of the plot for this initial instalment '
              'it would have worked better overall.',
 'tt9690762': 'A young aimless boy seeks revenge on the man he deems to have '
              'killed his father. While stalking him, he become fixated on the '
              "man's young daughter. The film often feels as aimless as its "
              'central character... and it makes the cardinal sin of '
              'under-utilizing the best actress in the world right now -- Zhou '
              'Dongyu.',
 'tt9695722': 'Bad acting, bad action scenes, bad CGI, bad story... I could '
              'keep going on. There is so much wrong in this movie that I wish '
              "I haven't seen this. What's worse is that Jackie Chan is "
              'selling his soul to the China movie factory. It really hurts '
              'his amazing legacy. So many awesome HK movies and even some '
              'decent Hollywood movies. When judging a movie I rather want to '
              'keep politics aside but its very hilarious when all those new '
              'China movies try to sell how great China is. Like when they '
              'tell a story about an activist and portrait western people as '
              "wildlife hunters but don't say anything about a lot of Chinese "
              'people buying that stuff for "health" issues. 3 stars only '
              'because there is worse. China is so desperate to show the '
              '"pretty" Chinese people in their movies that acting becomes 2nd '
              'importance.',
 'tt9726638': 'Benny Chan is back with his version of Sun Wu Kong, this film '
              'reminds me when he played the serial television "Journey to the '
              'West II". Well, he\'s not aging at all. I think it\'s good '
              'movie but has lacks of visual effect. So I hope the next sequel '
              '(if they plan to do it) will be better.',
 'tt9742422': 'On an unforgiving, snow-swept conditions, with the snow '
              'particles blowing in an icy blast, in an extremely harsh '
              'blizzard, with long blowing gusts, a policeman must brave the '
              'extreme weather n a trio of thieves connected with his tragic '
              'past. Both sides must fight for survival, the thieves for the '
              'gold n our cop for the honour.\n'
              'The film is bleak n gritty. It has powerful vistas, outstanding '
              'visual effects n brutal action.\n'
              'The gun showdown amidst the rustling tall weeds n the '
              'background music is like an old western film.\n'
              'The blizzard storm with large gusts of wind and trees rustling '
              'r characters themselves.\n'
              "The cast did a nice job. I ain't aware of the lead characters "
              'but I found the chick attractive with the turtle neck '
              'tshirt.Ther is one scene which is a bit inspired from The '
              "Revenant. One where Hardy's character shoots the front guy on a "
              "horse, while Caprio's character remains lying on the rear "
              'horse.Some may complain that the director is heavily inspired '
              "by Quentin Tarantino's films, but they shud realise that "
              'Tarantino himself n this film too is inspired by The Great '
              'Silence n other classic n spaghetti westerns.',
 'tt9818000': 'Definitely not recommended. No suspense, not scary, just pure '
              'frustration as they do not show what happens fully to try to '
              'give suspense, got me very frustrated and annoyed. Waste of '
              'time. Lame story plot. Weak ending. TRASH MOVIE',
 'tt9838780': 'Gooooooood Fighting scenes. Story could be a bit more rich.',
 'tt9855210': 'Rewarded as Best Movie in Asian Film Awards in Hong Kong, this '
              '1985 classic cop drama tell a tale like an Agatha Christie '
              'novel.A beautiful actress Ye Hui is killed by accident point '
              'blank shot during filming of her scene in a movie. Someone has '
              'replaced the blanked bullets with real bullets but why? The '
              'actor who held the gun is her husband, who she was about to '
              "divorce after filming, but he didn't know she planned a "
              'divorce, later he find out she had an affair with his brother, '
              'who wants to ruin his life. But more the police finds out, the '
              'more pussle fall apart.If you love Agatha Christie but in '
              "Chinese style, this is a must, it's nice to see an old Chinese "
              'movie that has no propaganda and has a story fit for audiences '
              'worldwide. 10/10.',
 'tt9916428': 'Red Star Over China is such a famous book that deserves a '
              'visual depiction. This production is beautifully filmed\n'
              'and show some stunning rural scenery. Edgar Snow is played by '
              'an American actor Heppe who speaks Mandarin very well. He '
              'smiles a lot. The actor who plays Mao looks like him. Quite a '
              'lot of this movie is in English.'}